('Authoritarian Right', 'North Korea is not a monarchy lmao')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wait till Auth-Right hears this Stat')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Figured this was posted by libleft')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Based punk')
('Authoritarian Right', "don't they usually have to do that step first before they put on that flair?")
('Libertarian Right', 'Communism makes perfect sense when you remove your brain!')
('Libertarian Left', 'Centrists on the top left: Based gigachads\n\nCentrist anywhere else: Unbased cringe soys')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Far Leftists are either extremely based but idealistic or extremely stupid and idealistic')
('Libertarian Left', '>Nobody listed coal mines\n\nCringe')
('Right', 'Pretty based answers, actually.')
('Left', "Well I'm a welder as well as a general metal worker.  So probably that but instead of somd rich assholes getting the fruits of my labor my community will.")
('Right', 'After working on it for 3 hours\n\n"This is too hard, this is all I should work each week"')
('Right', 'ngl, i miss doing menial physical labor so much')
('Authoritarian Right', "oh wow you found an internet thread about people saying how they're willing to do a very specific job they have very specific skills for. unfortunately for you we will need an entire country full of people on the same page for all of this to work out, and a lot of them will unfortunately have to do jobs that they don't get to choose. Hope you can bring us a bigger sample size next time, otherwise the commies will continue to look like clowns.")
('Centrist', 'The Janitor dude is the only one right in this situation')
('Libertarian Right', "I have type two diabetes brought on by chemotherapy. It's not really uncommon. I've never been overweight or had an unhealthy diet. Great to know the communists think it's just something morbidly obese Americans deal with.")
('Authoritarian Right', "You think the confederates were auth? Nah don't pin that on us")
('Right', "Being accused should never equal sex scandal, especially if the only evidence is words.  \n\n\nIf he's convicted, fuck him. If he's acquitted or the charges won't be even brought up,  fuck those who say he is.")
('Centrist', 'I am formally accusing MrDucky78 of child rape and multiple instances of sexual assault')
('Libertarian Right', 'Matt Gaetz is based\n\nGtfo with mUh XtrEmE fAcTioNz')
('Libertarian Right', "Where's Hingle McCringleberry")
('Libertarian Right', 'Chase Young (predator)')
('Libertarian Right', 'Add Stalin Colinet to the auth left roster')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Dick Butkus')
('Libertarian Left', "D'brickishaw Ferguson?")
('Right', 'Based and Football players with funny names-pilled')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Fucking schizo! Keep up🗣🔥💯🆙🆙💀🤭🔥🔥🗣')
('Libertarian Right', 'Since it has a German princess as a example, I have to argue that you would not have had any change with her anyway, since German nobility law has forbidden marriage to someone of lower rank')
('Authoritarian Right', '> Woman wearing a Prussian Hussar’s uniform\n\n> Prussian nobility (Protestant) going to Mass\n\nDoes not compute and historical anachronisms pilled.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Reject democracy embrace liftocracy')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Move rocc\n\nLift sword\n\nI personally see no difference as they are both amazing feats of strength and it makes sence as to why they would be held so highly\n\nOkay but seriously I would pay money to see the strongest man try move that big ass rock')
('Libertarian Right', '🗿lift')
('Libertarian Right', 'Watery Tarts throwing around weapons is no way to base a System of Government.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I assumed the sword in the stone had divine power that would let it come out easily in the hands of the chosen one.')
('Centrist', 'It would actually be harder to put the sword into the rock.')
('Left', 'My favourite polynesian legend is about the death of Maui')
('Libertarian Left', "We should decide who should be king via boxing matches. How is it that I'm physically stronger than the majority of people who run society?")
('Centrist', 'Me with Caterpillar 340D excavator:')
('Centrist', 'This is sorta based')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wish the sword was real\n\nImma claim the English throne for my Scottish ancestors')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Reject Democracy\n\nReject Monarchy\n\nReject Oligarchy\n\nEmbrace Liftocracy')
('Left', 'I want to pull that hair curl on his forehead.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'PCM where?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Amen 😔🙏 >!and A women!<')
('Centrist', "We need more Aborted X memes. They've got a unique blend of depressing and wholesome. I've got one in mind, but I've been forgetting to make it.")
('Right', 'George Michael is in Hell because he >!tickled balls with his mustache.!<\n\nJK, he never missed on hits, fucking RIP to a Legend!')
('Libertarian Right', "Since they were aborted, and thus never baptized, they don't go to heaven. They go to purgatory.\n\nAt least that's what the church says.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Wtf kimbo slice is dead?\n\nWtf kimbo slice has been dead for 6+ years?')
('Centrist', "Where's technoblade ?")
('Libertarian Left', 'We get our femboys back? I thought authcenter had taken them all.')
('Centrist', 'Lib left has the cutest cats. 🥺')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I love cats. I have three. One is on my lap right now.')
('Authoritarian Right', "I must have some scent on me or something that makes cats stay away from me. I've never come across a cat that I could get along with lol")
('Libertarian Right', 'One of these is not like the others.')
('Right', "I'm allergic to cats, and they all seem to know it and ignore other people to come up to me while I try to avoid them. Fuck 'em. Cute little sneezemakers")
('Libertarian Left', "Oh, don't post the dogs.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'what the fuck is that in the bottom left')
('Libertarian Right', 'Dogs are superior.')
('Centrist', 'Ligma')
('Centrist', 'And that is exactly, how they advocated it in the past...\n\nWayne Wheeler was a fucking genius/psychopath')
('Authoritarian Left', "Lenin's revolution rejected alcohol as a tool of control used against the proletariat.  That's where the sometimes-meme'd propaganda poster of the guy refusing a glass of wine comes from.\n\nHe was entirely correct, by the way.  But correct largely in the context of tzarist Russia.  Vodka production rights were held solely by the tzar, and doled out as political rewards the way other countries handed out land.\n\nOf course, when the Soviet's took over, they didn't stop production, just took it over themselves.\n\nStill, as impossible and pointless prohibition in the U.S. might be, watching people absolutely lose their shit over beer, when they were entirely ok with other issues?\n\nThat would be dark comedy.")
('Libertarian Left', 'I would certainly shave my head, grow an ungroomed beard, put on glasses and open my mounth far and wide if prohibition was enacted today.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Red and Blue would stand behind it. Yellow would sell to Green.')
('Libertarian Right', '*How to make alcohol.*\n\nPurpose: fuck the government!\n\n**Reagents:**\n\nSugar (or any sugar containing eg. fruits or ideally juices).\n\nALTERNATIVE: starch eg. flour, potato. AND amylase, found in barley and some other germinating grains.\n\nWater\n\nYeast\n\n**Equipment**\n\nBeakers\n\nRound bottom flask\n\nFlat bottom flask\n\nCondensation column\n\nNecessary adapters and tubes\n\nHeating device (and mantle)\n\nALTERNATIVE: drum or other inclosable volume\n\n**Method**\n\nDissolve sugar in water in flat bottom flask\n\nALTERNATIVE: mix water and whatever your mash is in drum\n\nAdd yeast to lukewarm water (body temperature)\n\nWait 5 minutes\n\nAdd your yeast solution to the main reagents.\n\nSeal off your main reagents from air, note pressure may build up inside vessel. Use appropriate measures.\n\nWait (time depends on mash and yeast, range is 48 hours to 4 weeks) if you are using the water and sugar method it should be done in about a week\n\nPour your solution into round bottom flask leaving out the yeast precipitate, you may filter if you wish.\n\nBegin your distillation into beakers\n\nDiscard heads and tails (initial and last ~15% for improved taste and safety)')
('Centrist', "Well according to my research (Oversimplified video) wasn't it the conservatives and Religious groups that wanted prohibition?")
('Left', 'How did Congress vote when they raised the smoking age to 21?')
('Libertarian Right', 'You forgot “follow the science” and possibly “alcohol disproportionally affects women and minorities”.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I wish')
('Libertarian Left', 'Libleft is kinda famous for being pro drugs dude, including alcohol.   Not based.')
('Centrist', 'I think is an auth right thing')
('Libertarian Left', 'How will I numb myself in this cursed capitalist dystopia without alcohol?')
('Libertarian Right', 'The original prohibition was definitely progressive coded. The temperance movement had very close ties with the progressive movement.')
('Centrist', 'If I want to drink and drive then damn it I will.')
('Right', "We have prohibition today, and it's not the leftists supporting it..")
('Left', 'Cant believe garbage like this gets upvoted here. Get a grip.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I support prohibition unironically. No I am not ashamed of this position, no I do not consume any intoxicants.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Watermelons want to ban anything even vaguely "harmful" or "dangerous" except alcohol and hard narcotics 🙄')
('Libertarian Left', 'If prohibition was enacted today then it would be authright pushing for it, authleft mixed, and libright/libleft very against it.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Lotta “no true scotsman” arguments going on in this here comment section.')
('Libertarian Left', 'That’s just a boomer meme with wojaks')
('Libertarian Left', 'conservatives were the pro-prohibition people but nice try')
('Left', 'I gotta have my booze though')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Based leftcenter')
('Left', "Yeah jokes on you I'm a borderline alcoholic")
('Centrist', 'Nah fam getting plastered is one of the few joys I have in life')
('Libertarian Right', 'We literally have prohibition right now for other substances, and it is still fairly popular.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Most of these arguments are why I simp for weed over alcohol.')
('Left', 'Left center supports pot though')
('Libertarian Left', 'literally drunk rn')
('Libertarian Right', 'Prohibition is still going to day only the substances have changed')
('Libertarian Right', 'No, not this again. The US beer industry is finally recovering from the damage of a hundred years ago.  Do not thrust us back into the age of cheap rice-laden pilsner clones.')
('Libertarian Left', "Prohibition is still in effect today it's just on weed instead of alcohol")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Prohibition single handedly is the cause of American dominance today. Before prohibition the average American drunk more alcohol a year than the average Russian at the time, and the average Russian at the time drunk more alcohol than the average Russian today. After prohibition the average American drunk far, far less. Hate it all you want, a nation of people that drunk was never going to get far.')
('Left', 'This must be how righties feel when someone completely disconnected from their views tries to portray their arguments.\n\nMy side fucking loves degeneracy. Drugs alcohol sex. Never gonna be against those. Half the people on my side think driving high is not dangerous.')
('Centrist', 'Why would LIB Left support prohibition? They live for drinking their IPA in their loft with exposed brick.')
('Centrist', "But like why is it authleft and libleft? Shouldn't it be all auth that advocate against drugs?")
('Libertarian Left', 'I have one word for you: marijuana')
('Authoritarian Right', 'The thing is that this meme accuratly describes the current arguments in many European countries against smoking.')
('Centrist', 'The irony.')
('Centrist', 'For real I‘m not pro-prohibition, but if alcohol was illegal then I wouldn’t really mind')
('Left', 'This must be the dumbest post here')
('Libertarian Right', 'I would be unsurprised if the political class took another run at prohibition again at some point in the future.\n\nThe left because it is bad for you (like their war on tobacco) and the right because Jesus reasons.')
('Libertarian Right', '....it would just create a new breed and class of criminals, just like it did the first time around, and repeated with the war on drugs..\n\nLegalize, regulate, and not tax it as much as create a fee that would see 100% of the money from it going to drug rehabilitation and information(making it a self-financed self-solving problem...)')
('Libertarian Right', 'Okay but right wingers could be making the same arguments. This is an auth thing, not a leftist thing.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Women right to vote in 1919.  Banned alcohol 1920.\n\nCreation of worst progressive public health initiative until COVID.  Thanks ladies.')
('Right', 'purple would be "actually, it\'s one hour, 2 seconds, and 420 milliseconds! So by all accounts, I\'m not a ped-"')
('Libertarian Right', '500 King’s breaths')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Counterpoint. Not thinking liberals are cringe means you are cringe.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Gee, Golly this post isn\'t biased or boring at all\n\nand before you say\n\n"but all post are like this" it don\'t excuse making a bad post and those post are cringe too.')
('Centrist', 'I am the elevated centrist fr!!')
('Libertarian Right', 'Is this an agenda post in favor of neo-feudalism, or how am I supposed to understand the graphic?')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Based')
('Left', 'I am in the comrade group')
('Libertarian Right', '"Hey Martin, what\'s that on the church door?"\n\n"A nail."')
('Left', 'Fake face or real face?  A game I never win...')
('Libertarian Left', 'I mean, the Catholic Church still exists and has more followers than all protestant ones combined, so it kinda proves the point.')
('Libertarian Right', "Joke's on you, I'm catholic.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'As a Catholic I want authright to stop protesting')
('Right', 'based protestant-destroyer\n\nthis post was made by the Catholic gang')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Stop protesting, return to rome')
('Right', 'It’s an interesting etymology in that it’s a reminder that at one time, Protestantism was form of progressive backlash against the conservatism of the Church. Even today, Catholicism is more conservative.')
('Left', "False, I'm not a heretic")
('Right', "Protesting isn't pointless. People just protest for a lot of stupid things.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'Lmao op, you just triggered all the auths on here')
('Left', 'Look at that Martin Luther defacing that church door, dosent he know how good he has it!')
('Right', "Not anymore! I'm a very proud convert to Eastern Orthodoxy. \n\nChrist is in our midst.☦️")
('Libertarian Right', 'No')
('Right', 'Welp, got me there.')
('Libertarian Right', 'i swear everytime i see this meme his face gets smaller but his head stays the same.')
('Centrist', 'Jesus for a second I thought I was on that sub that posts fake tweets and then gets foaming mad about them.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Feline good cause Cat-holic.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Doesn\'t "protestant" mean "to profess"?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Okay, I genuinely have no clue, what do the majority of Americans belong to?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'But I’m not a protestant')
('Libertarian Right', 'Repooplicans and Democraps')
('Libertarian Right', 'Solid left post lmao.')
('Right', 'Those libtard republicans')
('Centrist', 'Repooplicans and Democraps Lol')
('Centrist', 'The longer the culture war goes on the more horrors I learn about.')
('Centrist', ">We want to \\*\\*\\*\\* children, and it's right to do this because society tells us that we shouldn't \\*\\*\\*\\* children. Being \\*\\*\\*\\*\\*\\* by us would be great for the child because reasons. \n\nAm I missing anything in this text? Or is that really the entire argument?")
('Right', 'Guys do not look up what French "Intelectuals" made a pettition about in 1977')
('Libertarian Right', 'I had to study some of these degens in university and believe me, most queer *theorists* or critical *theorists* are massive pedos that either outright support child molestation in their writing or "secretly" engaged in it.')
('Right', '*Hans?*\n\nthe Flammenwerfer?\n\n*Ja, der Flammenwerfer*')
('Authoritarian Right', "Adults shouldn't fuck kids is it really that hard")
('Right', 'Yeah like. Shit like this is why we don\'t take left activists at their word when they claim it\'s only about "acceptance", especially with how much the "drag queen story hour" is meant to start generative discussions with children. It\'s pure motte and Bailey, and if they don\'t drop it it\'s only going to be worse for sane LGBT down the road. They\'re literally vindicating the old \'90s fears.')
('Libertarian Right', '* Helmut Kentler sending foster kids to paedophiles \n\n* Derrida, Foucault, and all the other French leftist intellectuals wanting to abolish the age of consent \n\n* German Greens advocating for "paedophile rights" in the past \n\n* John Money forcing a pair of twins to have sex as part of his transition "research" after transitioning one of the boys after a botched circumcision \n\n* Alfred Kinsey not reporting active child rapists whilst developing the Kinsey Scale\n\n* UK senior Labour Party officials support for a group named "Paedophile Information Exchange"\n\n* The above book arguing that introducing kids to sex early enough stops them from becoming Fascist as adults [??????]\n\n* Stalin raping and impregnating a 13 year old\n\n* Mao, rapist of a 14 year old\n\n* Books like Genderqueer depicting children giving blow jobs to strapons. 18+ on Amazon, but leftists want it in schools and claim "literally 1984" if it isn\'t \n\n* Child drag shows like that Desmond kid who does "costume changes" on stage. Totally not stripping, just a change of clothes!\n\nLeftism requires social decay. A strong, wealthy, moral society does not foster "the philosophy of failure, creed of ignorant, and the gospel of envy". Without a decaying society, how can daddy government come in and take care of us?')
('Libertarian Right', '"The culture war is an invention of the right" mfer when we start reading post modern socialist theory. \n\nAs a rule of thumb everything the left says is a monte and baily, nearly without exception')
('Libertarian Left', 'Common authleft L.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'This is actually satanism')
('Authoritarian Left', "Funny enough, people are having less sex now then they did within the past 100 years iirc in developed countries. I'd assume modern entertainment and technology gives alternatives than just carnal pleasure which was mostly the only pleasure that existed in the past (food, drugs, alcohol, sex, torture chambers)")
('Libertarian Right', 'Get my flame thrower')
('Centrist', "That's it. I'm done. I'm trading in the grill for an M60.")
('Centrist', 'Light em up boys 🔥')
('Authoritarian Right', '***u forkin wot mate***')
('Authoritarian Right', 'First time I’ve seen the word “educastrate”. I wonder why that didn’t blow up in common vernacular.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Rip and tear until it is done')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Free helicopter rides :D')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is the result of third wave feminism.\n\nModern western feminists have been rejected by men for so long that they now are trying to solicit children to alleviate their sexual frustrations')
('Authoritarian Left', 'No')
('Authoritarian Left', "Queer theory it's from Lib a good old auth knows that sex-ed it's bad")
('Left', '1970 Italian communists were… unique…')
('Authoritarian Left', 'These people have always tried to enter society through the left, but the actual left told them to fuck off. Enter the Green parties and the liberal left.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'This is some libleft shit, dunno why the wojak is in red')
('Libertarian Left', 'P-purple authleft?')
('Libertarian Right', 'One side of me wishes this was fake so I could sleep soundly. Another side...\n\nEdit: you have a source?')
('Right', "What's that cursed book? Is it recent?")
('Libertarian Right', '"Educastrate." Insert boomer checking 1984 calendar meme.')
('Centrist', 'I can find the document but not the quote - could you ref. what page or chapter this quote appears in for archive purposes?')
('Authoritarian Left', '"EDUCASTRATE"')
('Libertarian Right', "The fact that this was even published is wild. Like they didn't just laugh him out tbe door, or better call the cops?")
('Left', "No, not really.\n\nQueer theory is perfectly compatible with the notion that children shouldn't be exposed to adult sexuality.")
('Left', "This was clearly a provocation in context, commenting on how at the time homosexuality was equated with paedophilia. and even if it wasn't, it isn't like it would mean anything, the guy who wrote didn't speak for every member of the movement.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'mao never said this, no one auth left ever said this, OP stop being underaged')
('Libertarian Right', 'What even is this post, OP, do you speak english?')
('Libertarian Right', 'I am confused. The time stamp says a 47 min but you said a few weeks later')
('Centrist', 'Well goodbye then. Participation is voluntary and we will just make fun of you without your knowledge')
('Libertarian Left', 'Yeah I know how you feel bro')
('Right', 'Damn Minecraft Mobs don’t take sides')
('Centrist', 'Skeletons are most gendered aspect of our body second to actual genitalia')
('Libertarian Right', 'guys is it gay to have multiple bones inside of you?')
('Centrist', 'I belieeeve them bones are me')
('Libertarian Left', '☠️')
('Libertarian Right', 'Spooky scary skeleton.')
('Right', 'Authleft has been playing that game all along.')
('Libertarian Left', "I mean it's cheaper, raising them could be done with food that can't be sold, and extremely nutritious.\n\nNot to mention insects are basically just land shrimp.")
('Centrist', 'Comrade Trump is defo a true communist leader, in the sense that he wants all the money for himself and his lackeys, and nothing for anyone else.')
('Libertarian Right', 'None of them belong on the lib half of the compass.')
('Right', 'Have Hillary and Trump switch places, then swap Rom Desantis and Trump and I’d believe it would be a bit more accurate.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Should be Bill in Purple.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Pinnacle of leftism, Donald trump 💀')
('Libertarian Left', 'Get that demented authoritarian fool out of my quadrant!!')
('Libertarian Left', '[*takes massive rip of paint fumes*] yea, this checks out')
('Right', 'Someone smoked the wrong bag of herb this morning.')
('Right', 'Not to defend the nazis or anything but they highly praised Islam since day 1, set up multiple muslim volunteer corps all around, worked together with nationalists from various turkic peoples since at least 1941, and overall would accept anyone stupid enough to work with them to die for the reich. The term "Aryan" was very flexible in practice and all sorts of mental gymnastics were conducted to fit various nations into the set framework.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'The nazis loved arab muslim, they were allies')
('Libertarian Right', 'The nazis used a lot of foreign volunteers. "Enemy of my enemy is my friend" works in recruiting often.')
('Centrist', 'The what now?')
('Centrist', 'In theory, Aryans spread throughout Europe and Central Asia. This is most likely someone from somewhere like India or Bangladesh, who are descendants of the Indo-Aryans.')
('Centrist', 'I mean, the Nazis, especially Hitler, constantly praised Islam and saw the reconquista as detrimental and the destruction of Spain')
('Libertarian Left', 'There are only 3 good Nazis. The guy in Nanjing, Shindler, and the guy who killed Hitler')
('Centrist', 'When a pro palestine araboo calls Israel nazis, I just show them this lol.')
('Centrist', 'Muslims had *much* more practice murdering Jews than the Nazis did.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Hate to be that guy but the Turks were considered Aryan by the Nazi party for ages. From what I can gather the requirements to be Aryan were basically to have had some kind of empire or other achievement to point at, not be Jewish, and not be an enemy of Germany. The closer to Europe/Scandinavia the better.\n\nStill mental gymnastics but hardly a shocking outlier.')
('Libertarian Right', "Y'know, as absolutely batshit as DolphinFucker69's statements were, I'd still like to think he would have stepped up and been a responsible parent for the  ̶U̶n̶h̶o̶l̶y̶ ̶ ̶a̶b̶o̶m̶i̶n̶a̶t̶i̶o̶n̶ ̶ science defying life he sired.")
('Libertarian Left', "Hahaha that's really funny! Now do aborted half gorilla!")
('Centrist', 'Nb4 authright starts crying about a dolphin\n\nIronically this is the only one I felt anything about')
('Right', 'highest effort PCM meme')
('Authoritarian Right', 'No, no I don’t think I will.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'No, babies lives matter')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Transhumanism is fundamentally anti-Christian')
('Libertarian Left', 'Gotta support libleft’s logo for having their own built in quadrant system')
('Centrist', 'Christian transhumanists are just the early form of the adeptus mechanicus.\n\nWhich is immensely based...')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Christian Socialism is based')
('Centrist', 'Libright would like the [freedom ship](http://freedomship.com/)')
('Left', 'Christian socialism is redundant')
('Authoritarian Right', 'It’s not just invasive species, but native species too. Where I live our deer don’t have natural predators anymore, and if they weren’t managed they’d overpopulate and starve')
('Libertarian Right', 'Btw, the navy in the Founding Fathers’ time used to consist of privately owned warships.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Well OP you’re exactly right, FUCK THE ATF')
('Centrist', 'Fuck the ATF, i just dont own a gun so i dont join the suicide square')
('Right', 'NGL the ghost gun builder sounds absolutely based.')
('Libertarian Left', 'jesus that joe biden wojack is terrifying')
('Libertarian Right', '3d printer go brrrrr. No step on snek.')
('Right', 'Fuck NFA. Fuck ATF. And fuck the fudds that bitch about gas ovens more than how the ATF turned millions of Americans into felons overnight.')
('Right', 'I feel like how most gun murder is done dis proportionally by gangsters is one of the first things people on the right bring up')
('Right', "I don't necessarily agree with everything on the compass, but this has to be the most nuanced take on the gun debate I've seen. Good job, OP. (Wow, an actual intelligent, polite take on PCM, who woulda thunk?)")
('Libertarian Right', "I'm a mix of gun builder and literalist. Oh and SWBI. \n\n\nThose sweet sweet dividend yields")
('Libertarian Right', 'Constitutional literalist? Like anybody would write a governing document go be interpreted figuratively or abstractly?')
('Libertarian Right', 'I think you meant assault weapons, that is what they say all the time while it\'s not a real term with a definition. \n\nAnd you should have added something like "Makes law abiding citizens felons over night by changing laws while being a bureaucratic institution and not the legislature" to the ATF.')
('Libertarian Right', "Which part of Europe is the commentary from? The parts that caused WW2 or the parts that didn't take it seriously and had to be bailed out?")
('Libertarian Left', 'My only real beef with this is that it states the 2A isn’t being threatened, when it definitely is.')
('Libertarian Right', 'funny you make the whole right side look like delusional psychopaths when *yes they are in fact* trying to take guns away, they just proved it by creating 40 *million* felonies out of nowhere.\n\n"oh yeah? what new law did they pass, huh?"\n\nwell, no new law. that\'s the best part. the ATF has decided it has the ability to create defacto laws by "reinterpreting" actual laws, and nobody in government is bothering to stop them.\n\nso yeah, "delusional frenzy" if by that you mean "has pattern recognition and critical thinking"')
('Centrist', "As a European commentator, I'd like to say that knives and scissors are old fashioned nowadays. We use firecrackers now to bomb the enemy. Much more effective. Timed firecrackers are better since you can hide them in the locker of the enemy army.\n\nWhile they alert the ~~dictators~~ teachers faster they sure are just as effective.")
('Libertarian Right', 'I need to get a 3d printer')
('Centrist', 'Pretty well put together. I deal with way to many on the upper left and center left side. It\'s boggling the amount of people in those categories calling themselves "Liberals".')
('Left', 'Lol what, have you ever met a gang member. They’re almost always the most auth right of AuthRights')
('Centrist', 'Compound dweller did nothing wrong')
('Right', 'It was muskets argument is completely shit on by air rifles from the time, like the girandoni air rifle that lewis and Clark used. (It had a 20 round capacity)')
('Libertarian Left', 'i wish shootings happened every few months, more like every few weeks or days now')
('Right', 'We’ll center right far is about accurate for me.\n\nI will continue to buy NFA items and give no votes to anyone who even looks at gun regulation.')
('Libertarian Right', 'The founders actually had rapid-fire repeating weapons. Not full auto in the strictest sense, but check out the Puckle gun sometime.')
('Libertarian Right', "The ATF regulates whatever they please. The only thing Koresh did wrong was stat rape - blatanty not the ATF's jurisdiction, plainly not something you kill kids for. It's not even something you should kill the perp for.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'Brain worms.')
('Centrist', '"Illegal" meaning stolen. Ghost guns are a nothing burger, just a fun project for hobbyists. If you\'re a gun owner please consider buying/building a gun safe, and for the love of god don\'t leave your pistol in your car.')
('Right', 'Based watermelon?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Right will always be stronger on self defense rights than left. You cannot change my mind')
('Libertarian Right', '“Banning guns makes things safer because criminals will have to follow the law!” - LibLeft, probably')
('Authoritarian Right', 'These animals trying to ban guns... The second amendment is too damn restrictive already!')
('Libertarian Left', 'what fucking quadrant is hunter green')
('Left', 'when did we have a black quadrant')
('Libertarian Right', 'Molon Labe.')
('Libertarian Left', "It's about half and half\n\nSee table 6\n\n[https://bjs.ojp.gov/content/pub/pdf/suficspi16.pdf](https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&source=web&cd=&ved=0CAQQw7AJahcKEwiIs4O6guL8AhUAAAAAHQAAAAAQAg&url=https%3A%2F%2Fbjs.ojp.gov%2Fcontent%2Fpub%2Fpdf%2Fsuficspi16.pdf&psig=AOvVaw0SdbeDsmz_E-1n9UU35F9h&ust=1674711976807379)\n\nWhich is not to mention that some large percentage of guns sold illegally were originally bought legally to begin with.\n\nYou're pro 2A because you think more legal guns doesn't lead to more homocide\n\nI'm pro 2A because I think more legal guns leads to more homocide, but I accept the trade of less safety for more liberty here.\n\nWe are not the same.")
('Left', 'When you outlaw guns, only outlaws have guns.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Weird coming from a watermelon. But I suppose a blind squirrel finds a nut every now and then.')
('Authoritarian Right', "The left definitely do not want the people to have guns, libleft is scared of them and is told by authleft that they are bad and authleft doesn't want the people to have guns as soon as they are in power")
('Libertarian Right', 'I feel like the colors are messed up. I don’t doubt some on the left know this, but it is a bit jarring to see an agreeable watermelon')
('Libertarian Right', 'Why tf is left saying that?')
('Left', '“Under no pretext should arms and ammunition be surrendered; any attempts to disarm the people must be stopped, by force if necessary”\n\n-Karl')
('Authoritarian Right', "I'm just here to remind everyone you can literally build a gun or of shit from home depot")
('Libertarian Right', 'Why the fuck is Authleft pointing this out? To authleft this is a feature, not a problem. Put libright on there dammit.')
('Right', 'Here’s a weird probably unrelated observation I’ve made: I see people point out the argument that Banning guns works in the UK, Japan, Australia and New Zealand. Now please correct me if I’m wrong but does any of this success of these laws have anything to do with the fact that those nations are islands? (Australia’s obviously the only nation that covers the continent of Oceania) they don’t border any other nations like how the US borders Mexico. scenario: So if somehow if lawful American gun owners we’re to comply with new US gun laws like Australia, wouldn’t criminals say “lmao fuck that law” and cause ironically even more gun deaths in the US?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Eh. There should be no such thing as an "illegal gun". The constitution doesn\'t say "except for illegal guns". That\'s not a real thing. The problem is assholes shooting people.')
('Left', 'Based and us watermelons need to do our part against Emily pilled')
('Libertarian Left', 'Facts: guns being legal also makes it easier to get an illegal gun.')
('Left', "I'm pretty pro-gun, but I'd like to say that most illegal guns are guns stolen from people who purchased them legally.\n\nAgain, I'm pro-gun but be weary of what arguments lay ahead.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Wow a sane left winger!')
('Libertarian Left', 'no ban but more regulations pls 😔')
('Right', '>leftoids ever supporting gun ownership')
('Authoritarian Left', "Aaaaand where do the illegal guns come from? I'll give you a hint: most of them were legal before they left the hands of an irresponsible owner.")
('Left', 'I just want some god damn better gun control but especially mental health help')
('Libertarian Right', "Dear God what happened to Edd's hands in the last frame?!")
('Libertarian Right', 'Truth.\n\nThis scenario happened in Australia relatively recently.')
('Left', 'pornhub ideology')
('Left', "I'm not really in favor of gun bans but this is a bad argument.\n\nIt will be much easier to enforce laws on illegal guns if all guns are illegal.\n\nRight now seeing someone walking down the street with a gun is not probable cause to stop them because guns can be legally carried.  And you cannot stop guns at the manufacturer or importer or sales level because they can be sold legally.\n\nIt's much easier to stop the flow of illegal guns, and catch people with illegal guns before they use them, if all guns are illegal.  Because you can literally just seize and destroy every gun you see, and report and arrest anyone you see with a gun.\n\nGuns are illegal in lots of countries, and those countries have much fewer illegal guns and much less gun crime.  Laws actually do make things they outlaw less common, even if they can't stop them entirely.")
('Centrist', "It's not about safety. It's about disarming the the population. Every gun law is infringement on the 2nd amendment.")
('Right', "This argument is pretty low-effort thinking by the right, the purpose of these gun laws is so that over time they come out of civilian circulation, and over time that does work, there's a very good reason for the black market prices for machine guns.\n\nThat said, you didn't misread my flair, I do believe there are very good reasons to oppose gun controls.")
('Left', 'What an astoundingly brain dead argument. Literally every other wealthy country on the planet, and many countries that are much poorer and less stable, have less gun violence than the United States. Think for even one moment about how laws actually work in practice. Changing laws doesn’t mean illegal actions remain unchanged. Laws will change the manufacture of guns, the distribution of guns, the handling and transportation of guns, public opinions and norms around guns, and the most common uses of guns. This has implications on illegal guns.\n\nGetting an illegal gun in the United States and getting an illegal gun in Germany are both equally illegal. But it’s a hell of a lot easier in the US because of a different system created by different gun laws.')
('Centrist', 'Do people really care about guns when it comes to robberies? The big argument is school shootings.')
('Left', 'How are these illegal guns originally obtained? Like where did the dude that gave a criminal an illegal gun get his illegal gun from? Surely there’s a origin point?')
('Left', 'That’s pretty dumb argument. \n\n“Did you know that 100% of murder is done illegally?”')
('Left', "Mfw criminals outside of organised crime don't have guns in places where guns are illegal")
('Libertarian Right', 'Even a commie can be a customer if you know how to hustle properly.')
('Authoritarian Right', '"Ya\'ll"? How inbred are you?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based and Hoppe-pilled\n\n"There can be no socialism without a state, and as long as there is a state there is socialism. The state, then, is the very institution that puts socialism into action; and as socialism rests on aggressive violence directed against innocent victims, aggressive violence is the nature of any state."\n\n-Hans-Hermann Hoppe')
('Libertarian Right', 'I am offended')
('Libertarian Left', 'This is good')
('Libertarian Left', 'Абсолютно верно, товарищ.')
('Right', 'NOOOOOOO!')
('Centrist', 'America in the 60’s')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based and horny and hungry pilled')
('Centrist', 'Auths take the W on this one')
('Libertarian Right', 'Tomboy Outback sounds phenomenal')
('Libertarian Right', 'Honestly, I’d go to all of these *except* Egirl Applebees.\n\nHell, I’d got to all of the rest *daily*')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Less censorship \n\nUnless Jesus Censorship')
('Libertarian Right', 'Oh do I love goth IHOP 😏')
('Authoritarian Right', "I don't care what the waiter looks like as long as my food's delicious")
('Libertarian Right', 'This is the content I’m here for.\n\nAlso I might be authleft today…')
('Centrist', 'Fighting the urge to become Auth-Centre')
('Left', 'Goth femboy hooters PLEASE')
('Libertarian Left', 'Wtf, give us our femboy hooters!')
('Centrist', ">MILF Dennys.  \n  \nSo... a normal Denny's?")
('Libertarian Right', 'Guess I am auth right now')
('Right', 'I love the tomboy outback, but I get the feeling that everyone in the comments is sleeping on the milf dennys.')
('Centrist', 'NGL, Tomboy Outback sounds like Heaven.')
('Centrist', 'MILFS I LOVE MIILFFFFSS!!!!')
('Libertarian Left', 'I’m still gonna go to Chick-fil-A')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Authright should be MILF Denny’s')
('Libertarian Right', 'MILF Denny and Goth IHOP: breakfast decisions have never been so difficult')
('Right', 'I want my Femboy Hooters hot wing')
('Libertarian Left', 'I am so unbelievably confused')
('Centrist', 'put Jesus on all of em and go outside please')
('Right', "Aww shit don't make me fall for AuthLeft\n\n... *again*")
('Centrist', 'Perkins is tiger woods approved by the way.')
('Right', 'Based and Jesus Says No. pilled')
('Right', 'Thank you Jesus')
('Authoritarian Left', "Now hear me out here... Why not all of them, or at least catgirl Tim Horton's at the very least.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'How exactly did auth right become the tomboy quadrant??')
('Right', 'This is true because for all their big talk about accepting diverse sexual orientations, libleft are sexless prudes with restrictive sexual mores.')
('Left', "The one time I'll swallow my pride and patronize authright")
('Left', 'Reported for hate content.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Thank you Jesus, very cool')
('Libertarian Left', 'Goth IHop is actually femboy IHop in disguise: https://youtu.be/Ta8qMl1-XE0')
('Libertarian Right', 'Lib left being un characteristically based')
('Centrist', 'regular hooters or based and spartan-pilled hooters whatever it is im picking it every single time')
('Right', 'Just want to grilllllllll')
('Libertarian Right', 'Goth ihop sounds great')
('Libertarian Left', 'Jesus house is best house')
('Left', 'I feel like if far Lib-right got their way we’d most certainly see things like this popping up, cause as the saying goes “Sex sells”')
('Centrist', "Applebee's for lib right? I'd figure it'd be cheesecake factory since they have every dish on the menu and it's over priced.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'Move out of the way, jesus. I need to know.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Why do I get the boring one?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'please God let the nukes fly over any place that has a "Femboy Hooters"')
('Authoritarian Right', "I'm open to all of 'em, even the femboys. E-girls can fuck off though.")
('Libertarian Right', "Why did you censor the femboys but not the goths or tomboy? We're no worse than the rest.")
('Left', 'Technocrat dub.')
('Right', "Yea I'm with both center and auth right on this one")
('Right', "All this confirms is that I'm not libleft... The rest tho")
('Right', 'Jesus saves us all yet again.')
('Centrist', 'Goth ihop goes crazy')
('Libertarian Right', "Damn guess I'm authleft")
('Right', 'Outback needs to embrace the meme. They would bury Hooters/Twin Peaks/Tilted Kilt/etc...')
('Right', 'gonna become auth-centre again')
('Right', 'Nah, Tomboy Outback steakhouse unites the compass. We need this to happen.')
('Libertarian Right', '/u/Always_Late_Lately mandatory link https://youtu.be/Ta8qMl1-XE0')
('Libertarian Right', "Well, that's it, I'm going auth.")
('Right', 'Where Muscle Mommy Macaroni Grill?')
('Libertarian Right', "Maybe being an authleft isn't that bad")
('Left', "this is the reason I'm also auth left")
('Authoritarian Right', 'I WANT TOMBOY OUTBACK AND I WANT IT NOW !')
('Centrist', 'I don’t think Christ would approve of of the other places any more than femboy hooters. Just cause it’s a more lgbt focused establishment doesn’t mean he wouldn’t find issue with the sexual immorality of the other four')
('Libertarian Right', 'Goths are lib though')
('Left', 'OP too much of a coward to post femboy hooters in its entirety')
('Libertarian Left', 'You cannot suppress Femboy hooters. Femboy supremacy will rain supreme.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I will abandon everything I know to go to goth IHOP.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Don’t you dare put goth ihop in the commie mommy section I need goth tomboys')
('Libertarian Right', "I don't know what emotion I'm feeling about what you put on libright but it is not a good one.")
('Right', 'Oh my god, I’ve never heard of Tomboy Outback, but it’s already my favorite restaurant')
('Libertarian Left', 'Femboy supremacy now')
('Centrist', 'Gonna have to go with Tomboy Outback, unusual Authright W')
('Libertarian Right', 'Thank you Jesus, but you should have covered the entire meme')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Thank you brother for blocking that')
('Authoritarian Right', 'WHAT MOD MARKED THIS NSFW\n\nEXPLAIN YOURSELF, COWARD\n\nEdit: weird, I could unmark it')
('Right', "Should've covered the whole thing with the Jesus image tbh. Weird.")
('Libertarian Left', "Personally I'll never be in a situation where I need to defend myself but I buy firearms because getting fucked up and blowing up tannerite with high powered rifles is a LOT of fun")
('Left', 'Based and sounds way cooler than the 2A pilled')
('Libertarian Right', 'Marx went on shortly after this quote to explain that the workers most definitely would be disarmed after the revolution. Not quite the W you’re thinking it is, pard')
('Authoritarian Right', 'i hate that an ss chad even exists\n\nsomeone had to draw that')
('Libertarian Right', 'I don’t get why colleges seem to do this. It isn’t helping anyone.')
('Libertarian Right', '\nWhen I first saw this statistic it really pissed me off cuz I don’t care about the race of my doctor I care about who will be the best doctor. \n\nBut then I actually started med school and only 3 people in my class are black. And they are all 3 very smart and hardworking people that I’m happy to have there.')
('Left', 'If you think medical school admissions have dick all to do with merit you have never been close to the system. \n\nAnd even with these statistics, black physicians make up less than 5% of total doctors despite being 13ish% of the population. \n\nThere are a million things you can critique medical school admissions for, this is near the bottom of the list. \n\nWant to actually make a difference? Drop the cost of admission substantially. The vast majority of med students (myself included) could not have supported ourselfs during admission. \n\nMy application cost around 8,000 dollars. Every school charges u a few hundred (probably 60ish% of applications will be automatically filtered before a human sees it, but only after you pay the cost). Then they send you a secondary app if you got the grades+mcat and charge u another 50-200 (again PER SCHOOL). Speaking of the mcat, thats another 300, unless you want to score well, then u need to pay 2000+ for a prep course. Then there are a bunch of bullshit personality tests that cost 150-250 that only an idiot would answer honestly on. Most schools required 1-2 of these, i paid for 2 (350 for my year). A conservative applicant (like myself) applied to 18 schools, but most neurotic premeds apply to 50+, more than doubling this cost. After all of this, assuming you have the grades, you still have only about a 40% chance of acceptance. Most applicants these days need a gap year, so if they applied and failed double the cost. Its not unreasonable to spend 20k getting into medical school, all while requiring us to have degrees that can only get u minimum wage jobs. How the fuck can someone without rich parents do that? \n\nThere is a point when you are qualified for medical school. Then theres the point where u can be accepted into medical school. Id estimate 75ish% of the applicant pool each year can handle the academic stress. 40% are admitted. \n\nWe are not accepting the best people who will be good doctors, we are selecting the most competitive humans alive and then expecting them to magically become extra good compassionate people after shoving them in a room to study for 12 hours a day every day for 2 years. Its almost like they optimized this process to kill every ounce of empathy a person is capable of.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Acceptane rates are kind of misleading. \n\nWhat you are seeing here is marginal white and asians with demanding parents willing to fund failed effort. Pre-med aint cheap unless your on scholarship. Less blacks and hispanics apply, hirer acceptance rate for the few that get in.')
('Left', 'America biggest economical advantage has always been geography')
('Libertarian Right', 'Remember when left used to claim affirmative action wasn\'t about lowing standards. "We\'re not choosing someone less capable".\n\nThey always lie.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I used to be strongly opposed to affirmative action in admissions. Then I started seeing things from the other side. The general concept makes sense, though class is the real issue; race is only correlated with it.\n\nUltimately, you’re interested in getting intelligent, high-aptitude individuals. We can’t measure that directly, so we use things like grades standardized tests. But these scores and tests can be gamed, especially if you have resources. \n\nWhich would you rather admit? The guy who scored a 1350 on his SAT but took a prep course that guarantees a 100+ point improvement? Or the guy who scored a 1300 with no prep? \n\nOur tools for measuring the things we care about are flawed, and it makes sense to adjust for that. Unfortunately, I think the adjustments are flawed as well.')
('Left', 'You know America was never a meritocracy lol')
('Left', "We have the same kind of reservation bullshit in India. As a result the doctors at government funded hospitals are so bad they're the type to leave hand towels and surgical equipment in your body after a surgery.")
('Authoritarian Right', "true, we're all cringe soyjaks\n\nhowever \n\nyou are unflaired, and nothing you say matters")
('Centrist', "Guess who don't flair up? Dumb twats and people with mommy/daddy issuees. You probably are both.")
('Right', 'Have you considered not being a waste of oxygen and getting your self a flair? Mkay? Mkay.')
('Centrist', 'Y’all hear sumn?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Flare up nerd')
('Authoritarian Left', "I have to agree with you OP. It's rough but a part of being a virtuous person is to not stand by your tribe when they fuck up, and hold them accountable.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Yeah so this turns out to be bullshit. Bad meme.\n\nhttps://idahocapitalsun.com/2023/01/16/idaho-senate-committee-advances-bill-that-would-change-legal-definition-of-abortion/\n\n"Wintrow asked Herndon if the bill would force a hypothetical 13-year-old girl who was raped by a male family member to carry the child to term. Herndon said the state of Idaho has nothing to do with forcing anyone to carry a child and those are merely natural circumstances.\n\n“Some people could describe the situation that you’re talking about as the opportunity to have a child in those terrible circumstances if the rape actually occurred,” Herndon told Wintrow. He told the story of a person in Montana who wrote a book about how her stepfather raped her and forced her to have an abortion the first time she was pregnant and the second time she had the child.\n\n“That child that she actually had proved to be incredibly cathartic for her and a huge blessing in her life,” he said."\n\n\n\nSo a huge miss-characterisation of what he said. \n\nAdd on to that he was making an attempt to clear the grey lines for when an abortion is allowed under the current legislation:\n\n"The change would ensure health care professionals would not face prosecution or other legal consequences for handling certain common complications during pregnancy, Herndon said. It would clarify that the Legislature’s interest is in the living child,\xa0he said.\n\n“I have run this by several in our medical community, this language has been reviewed by a number of pro-life physicians, obstetricians and gynecologists and they agree that this offers some clarity for them as to legitimate medical practice,” Herndon said...\n\nSen. Ben Toews, R-Coeur d’Alene, said the bill is a “great solution to a real issue” and thanked Herndon for sponsoring it.\n\n“I have doctors in our community that I know have expressed concern that they could be working to save the life of a mother and there could be an issue where they would feel like they were stuck between a rock and a hard place,” Toews said. “This type of legislation is what we need to address that situation.”\n\n\n\nSo far from saying that incestual rape was cathartic he was referencing a case where a mother said having the baby was cathartic for her, her words, not his.\n\nAND he was trying to make it *easier for doctors to perform abortions in cases where it would be admissible*\n\nLeftists shooting themselves in the foot with this lazy propaganda.')
('Libertarian Right', 'If he actually said that, then yes. That’s reprehensible. But that design and layout makes me think it’s coming from Occupy Democrats or Other 98% and I would be highly skeptical of anything coming from them.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Well we already know this is BS. And I’m personally pro choice BUT I do understand the reasoning of removing rape exceptions for abortion on the argument because it’s not the baby’s fault it was a product of rape.\n\nThat’s not the law I want to see in place. I don’t think rape victims should have to prove themselves at all to get an abortion cuz it can be a tough thing to prove and just prolong the abortion to a later term. But I do understand that argument.')
('Centrist', 'The unlicensed psychiatrist in me is screaming that this guy was bummed by his daddy.\n\nHe is Chair of the *Bonner* County Republican!!')
('Right', 'What a fucked up thing to say. I’m prolife.')
('Libertarian Right', 'lmao imagine falling for this\n\nOP is a Facebook grandpa')
('Libertarian Left', "With Republicans like this I just can't see why the GOP got destroyed in the midterms.")
('Centrist', "What do I do if I'm a radical centrist though?")
('Centrist', 'Hey OP, you a fan of John Money and his work?')
('Authoritarian Left', 'there are only 2')
('Right', 'Is agender like amen and awoman?')
('Libertarian Left', 'No attack helicopter representation?\n\nFucking bigot.')
('Libertarian Right', 'There are only two')
('Libertarian Right', 'Please explain... What???')
('Left', '>me just sitting in a chair at the DMV\n\n>in some context, I am "presenting"\n\nI am presenting nothing.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Wtf is BiGender?')
('Right', 'OP flair checks out')
('Left', "Masc presenting/neutral I guess?  I don't know what agender or bigender is.")
('Left', "I'm in the far bottom, mid yellow. I look like and am a man but think we should be post-gender")
('Libertarian Right', 'I guess that makes sense...')
('Left', "Suddenly I'm a centrist... Hope to test my grilling abilities soon")
('Centrist', 'As a radical centrist I believe in all of these.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I am shocked \n\n***shocked***\n\nThat a high profile politician thinks they’re above the rules')
('Libertarian Right', "What's with everyone just strolling off with classified stuff. I'd lose my security clearance and get fired if I did that.")
('Libertarian Right', "When was the last president or vice president that didn't have classified documents at their house/office?\n\nThe gooberment over classifies documents all the time. I bet half the stuff they found at Trump/Biden/Pence's house was equivalent to a classified lunch menu.\n\nEdit: Oh cool, this comment got me autobanned from Justice served, A sub I forgot I was subscribed to.")
('Centrist', 'Every President and Vice President currently living is going to have Top Secret documents somewhere.  The problem is the left decided to make it an issue for Trump.  And those “I turned everything over” statements signed by Trump where also signed by everyone else.\n\nSo do you drop it, or do we toss it everyone in jail?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Pence can get under the bus too.')
('Right', 'I just know some leftists somewhere is keeping score like “2 conservatives did it to 1 democrat, obviously it’s different because more conservatives did it”')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Yeah, but fuck Pence. \n\nAll my homies hate Pence.')
('Right', 'Like Trump and Biden, this is probably a case of over classification.  I heard a story from a daughter of a former intelligence officer who claimed intelligence agencies would classify newspaper articles because it said something about a foreign government.')
('Right', 'Bruh, why is everyone having classified documents in their home except me. It is so not fair.')
('Centrist', 'You get classified documents, and you get classified documents, and you get classified documents and…')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I don’t care about the contents of the meme or OP’s affiliation if OP makes fun of their own quadrants it’s based and upvoted')
('Authoritarian Right', 'What kind of documents would they feel the need to bring home?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Fuck politicians, none of them represent the people! Their predatory greed has screwed us over time and time again, we need to bring back the peoples tradition of the guillotine.')
('Libertarian Right', 'wait you mean to tell me that both Dems and the GOP are corrupt and authoritarian\n*Visible Shock*')
('Libertarian Right', 'I honestly don’t really are about classified documents being found by anyone. I only want to know what the documents are.')
('Right', 'If you read the article, Mike Pence found the classified documents himself and SELF-REPORTED to the authorities. Like a nerd.\n\nAnd when he found them, he immediately secured them.\n\nI want to know why so many classified documents are being removed by politicians. But I also want them to do what Mike Pence did and do the right thing when he discovered the problem.')
('Left', '[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ig2tItOIRag](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ig2tItOIRag)')
('Libertarian Left', 'So old demented people are not fit for keeping highly confidentials information ? Damn who knew. Thats why I keep mine secured, under my mattress')
('Left', 'Is it possible that all our politicians are relics and are incapable of keeping their files in order')
('Right', 'Literally all these people handle so many classified documents it’s pretty common that they just get put somewhere. \n\nKnew a guy who worked for a missile defense company. Lost something like 300 pages of specs on a freaking missile and they basically just told him he couldn’t bring classified docs home anymore. This happens ALL THE TIME. I just really hope that if we start prosecuting people for it, we do everybody cause that will take everyone down.')
('Libertarian Right', "As if we needed another reminder that every politician is an active participant in a colossally corrupt government. I don't understand how anyone thinks that their team is the good team anymore. Shut the whole mess down.")
('Right', "Honestly at this rate who isn't going to be found to have classified documents in their house. What's next, Obama using them as a coaster on his coffee table or Bush keeping them in the bathroom as reading material?")
('Libertarian Right', 'Two cheeks of the same asshole')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Arrest them all.\n\n#🗿')
('Right', 'And the cycle continues, it always leads back to “Trump bad”. I probably have some classified documents at my place too at this point')
('Centrist', 'is that... a chad emily wojak?!')
('Right', 'At this point it’s safe to assume any longtime politician has classified documents in their residence.')
('Libertarian Right', ' Biden, Pence, and Trump Covered in oil, in the same federal prison cell, who wins the twerk off?')
('Libertarian Left', 'Based OP.')
('Right', 'Man fuck Pence.\n\nAll my homies hate Pence.')
('Centrist', 'Chad Emily is rough')
('Libertarian Left', "I'll say the same thing about Pence that I said about Biden.\n\nMy assumption is that presidential administrations generate huge numbers of documents, including classified.  At the end they all get sorted out into docs staying with the government, staying with the politician, etc.  It's probably mostly done by lower level aides.  And it's inevitable that some number of docs will get mis-sorted.  The right thing to do if discovered is to self-report, and get some people to carefully re-sort the docs.\n\nGo ahead and investigate all of these guys for any potential wrongdoing.  But I strongly doubt that Biden or Pence had any malicious intent.\n\nTrump on the other hand, I don't trust, and I think that's borne out by the reports that his people lied to the FBI and tried to keep the documents even after it became clear he had them and they were classified.")
('Libertarian Left', 'I mean yeah, he\'s as the right would say, a "swamp monster"')
('Right', 'Good. I hope we audit more politicians and keep finding documents.')
('Right', "Forget about them, it's the lawyers.")
('Centrist', "It's almost like a good chunk of our politicians are incompetent baffons.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'They were found in Trump’s place, Biden’s, and now Pence’s. They might as look at current and former Presidents and VPs')
('Libertarian Left', 'Fuck it even I have classified documents in my home')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Just declassify everything and then no one has classified documents')
('Centrist', 'Apparently we need an amnesty period. “Hey, if anybody has classified documents from their time at the White House, please bring them forward. As long you turn them in before x date, all is forgiven.”\n\nThen we lock them up forever.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Do these documents contain the Krabby Patty formula or why do all these mfs steal so many documents?')
('Right', "Who gives a fuck about Pence? He's a traitor anyway, so he shouldn't get any protection from the Right.")
('Centrist', 'Say, how about declassifying those documents, absolving them of any wrongdoing in the process 😎')
('Libertarian Right', 'Fuck it, raid all the living presidents and vice presidents houses')
('Centrist', 'Wait wait wait, you’re telling me not one but TWO politicians are corrupt and unfit for the office they’re in?! That’s insane!!!')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I think both if them should be held to the same standard')
('Authoritarian Right', "On the one hand he's based because he's the Electrocutioner on the other hand he's cringe because he's Catholic")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Terrifying chad Emily, argument invalid')
('Libertarian Right', 'Pence? RINO at best and Chiden collaborator at worst. No one is being contrite over his chicanery. Lock him up.')
('Libertarian Left', "I've had plenty of civil debates with people of different political views and one thing we always can agree on is that nothing will change until we get money out of politics.")
('Right', 'I don’t like him either. \n\nHe said we should still support the FBI.')
('Right', "I'm not going to be a hypocrite on this: investigate both.\n\nIf they did anything illegal then prosecute.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'YOU get a classified document , YOU get a classified document , EVERYONE gets a classified  document !')
('Centrist', 'Is everyone just taking classified documents home now? just a bunch of politicians saying "hmmm, yes I\'ll take one about LSD cheese, you can take the M41C3 experiments" how long till every politician in DC is revealed to hold classified documents?')
('Right', "Shouldn't this be another Emily L? After all, I thought the MAGA guys were pissed at Pence.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Still waiting on that FBI Biden raid.')
('Right', "Only about half of the right even likes Pence. I don't, so I say lock him up too.")
('Right', 'Pence is a cuck. I don’t think anyone on the right likes him anymore after he turned on Trump.')
('Authoritarian Right', "Government officials have classified documents? What's next, doctors have private medical records? What a world we live in")
('Libertarian Right', 'I’m not a hypocrite. All these government crap bags are terrible people. I don’t care if they’re left or right.')
('Libertarian Right', 'When will Al Gore and Bill Clinton get a surprise ~~raid~~ inspection.')
('Centrist', 'Oh no! Anyway')
('Libertarian Left', "I think most of this is just idiots that don't understand the issues diluting the conversation.\n\nYeah mishandling classified documents is sloppy and needs to be fixed. It was sloppy when Clinton and Biden did it, it was sloppy when Trump and Pence did it. Here's the thing though... the thing with Trumps case that made it so much worse wasn't that he was sloppy. It was that he knowingly kept them and fought the federal government to keep them instead of turning them over. It was so bad that they had to raid him to retrieve the documents.\n\nBiden and Pence aren't going to have that issue, becuase they are actively turning over their sloppy fuck ups.")
('Left', 'Least corrupt American politician')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Difference here is that Pence himself reported the documents as being in his home. \n\nWhether or not he knew they were there this whole time is one thing; but unlike Trump and Biden, Pence didn’t hide this or lie about it to his advantage')
('Libertarian Right', 'Doesnt the Right hate Pence now?')
('Libertarian Right', "First panel is an FBI raid in the dead of night on Trump, and a tooooon of outrage on the left. That's where it starts. The second panel is the left burying their head in the sand, and not giving two fucks that Biden has confidential documents in his fucking garage. \n\nRepublicans care about the lack of security, generally, but they mainly care about the complete inconsistency and hypocrisy of the left with respect to how they responded to Trump vs. Biden.")
('Left', 'Can I just say - I really don\'t care, and I don\'t know why everyone else is so upset about it. Politicians have access to high security docs and they don\'t always take good care of them. Who cares? It\'s almost never actually an issue because most "classified" documents don\'t really need to be. They might accidentally be more transparent than they intended to be, which... oh no!')
('Right', 'Nobody likes Pence so we don’t care')
('Left', 'Yall are so dumb. \n\nIf they all get arrested, we can spare ourselves a second Biden presidency, a second Trump presidency and a second Pence vice-presidency. \n\nManifesting them being put in Guatemala Bay 🥰🤞')
('Libertarian Right', 'It’s almost like they all do it')
('Authoritarian Right', "But we hate pence so it doesn't matter")
('Authoritarian Right', 'I think the funniest part of this meme is that auth left thinks auth right cares even a little bit about mike pence.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Who actually likes pence?')
('Libertarian Right', 'You’re both idiots tbh\n\nThat said, Emily never deserves to be drawn as a chad')
('Authoritarian Right', "Everyone get's classified documents")
('Authoritarian Left', 'No one green or red should support Biden')
('Authoritarian Left', "Leftists don't like Biden")
('Left', "Again, forgetting about some documents or putting them in the wrong box, then turning them over immediately when you notice them and fully cooperating with investigators, is dumb but not a big deal.\n\nClinton's email servers were a big deal because it was an intentional and systematic mishandling of information, and they didn't fully cooperate with investigators when it was discovered.  Trump was a big deal because it was a *lot* of documents and not accidental, and they lied to and resisted investigators to keep it when it was discovered by a third party.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Check that guys hard drive')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Remember when we used to exile folks?')
('Centrist', "Idaho, he's serious. He'd be pushing for legalizing cannibalism and human sacrifice if it weren't for the federal government")
('Centrist', 'Had me until the rant about maga')
('Libertarian Right', 'What the fuck.')
('Libertarian Right', "What's the over/under on this cat getting busted on some horrendous shit?")
('Libertarian Right', "He very well may be a crazy person, but this also seems like facebook-tier liberal boomer bait. Banning abortion in the case of rape or incest seems to me more like closing a loophole, and if you truly believe that abortion is murder, it's at least consistent. Not saying I agree, but I get it.\n\nI couldn't find any mention of the statements claimed, if someone actually has a link, great.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'How is this related to family values in any given sense - this man is clearly deranged. But the strawman argument is 1 man suggests it therefore all are implicated of his words /actions. Bad strawman is bad strawman.')
('Libertarian Left', "Yep that's my state alright")
('Libertarian Left', 'The people who propose that kind of stuff are authright, not libright.')
('Right', "As a conservative who knows many MAGA folks. This is not what they mean by family values. I don't know anyone in his state but my conservative homies would beat this man up if we ever encountered him in person.")
('Left', 'Erm  \nwhat the scallop')
('Right', "I'm sure he said this stuff word for word and nothing was added or taken out of context")
('Libertarian Right', "I mean sure he's probably a prick but I just don't believe any of this. Unless I can get some direct quotes this whole post reeks of shitty propaganda to me. Please stop forcing me to give the benefit of the doubt to politicians.")
('Right', 'Pls, can someone just talk about the national debt?')
('Libertarian Right', "Don't lump that guy in lib right.")
('Libertarian Right', '"MAGA Republicans" is how you know the claim being made is outright false or at minimum heavily reinterpreted.')
('Right', 'Humanity in the past: *Invents genetics and scientifically documents the dangers of incestuous reproduction*\n\nHumanity in 2023: *This*...')
('Centrist', 'On one hand this is terrible but on the other hand I’m doubtful because Reddit propoganda, anyone got a source')
('Right', 'Honestly I\'m pretty sure this guy has ulterior motives befitting of the purple tag. But, hot take: I believe that, even in extreme cases like rape, the baby isn\'t there by any fault of its own and I\'d still consider it unviable to abort it if the mother is not under risk of death. Hell, why don\'t they analyse the baby\'s DNA to help find the father and enact prosecution AND child support on him? All that stuff about raped women having to raise their babies as some form of "catharsis" is BS though. Adoption is a great idea, I just think the baby should at least have a shot at life since it\'s not there by any fault of its own.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Is there a source?')
('Centrist', 'He wants to enforce an abortion ban,, how is that Libertarian in any sense?')
('Centrist', "I mean, you can take one extremist and make the whole bunch look bad, I don't agree with their beliefs, but lets not pretend this is every single person on the right.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'What being forced to live in Idaho does to a mf')
('Right', 'No this is not family values, he is the fringe.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Abort the baby, and woof all rape problems are solved. I am sorry, this sounds like the rapist POV')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Why is my home state like this')
('Left', 'Maybe we should stop such guys...')
('Right', '[Idaho senator unsuccessfully tries to remove rape and incest abortion exemptions](https://www.ktvb.com/amp/article/news/local/idaho-press/idaho-senator-unsuccessfully-tries-to-remove-rape-incest-abortion-exemptions/277-871e7800-09c3-4b35-8c13-8ddfae0bb81f)\n\nSpeaking on Martin Luther King Jr. Day, Herndon equated his efforts to offer “equal protection” under the law to fetuses to King’s civil rights efforts.\n \nAuthor: Laura Guido, Idaho Press\nPublished: 1:24 PM MST January 17, 2023\nUpdated: 1:24 PM MST January 17, 2023\nBOISE, Idaho — This article first appeared in the Idaho Press.\n\nIn four pieces of proposed legislation, Sen. Scott Herndon, R-Sagle, sought to change the state’s abortion laws, remove requirements for public works contractors to provide bathrooms that align with gender identity, and strengthen the state’s “Stand Your Ground” laws; the one proposal of his that the Senate State Affairs Committee members did not vote to introduce would have removed rape and incest exemptions from Idaho’s abortion bans.\n\n\nSpeaking on Martin Luther King Jr. Day/Idaho Human Rights Day, Herndon equated his efforts to offer “equal protection” under the law to fetuses to King’s civil rights efforts.\n\n“It’s kind of auspicious that today is Martin Luther King Jr. Day, and he spent 13 years advancing the civil rights of people based on certain characteristics, and this does the same thing,” Herndon told the committee.\n\nMinority Leader Sen. Melissa Wintrow, D-Boise, asked about situations in which teenage girls were raped by an uncle or father and if that girl would be forced to carry her pregnancy to term under Herndon’s proposed legislation.\n\nHerndon replied, “some people could describe the situation that you’re talking about as the opportunity to have the child under those terrible circumstances, if the rape actually occurred.”\n\nCurrently, the abortion ban includes an affirmative defense for abortions performed in cases of rape and incest if a police report is filed, but Herndon said that is merely an allegation that a rape or incest took place.\n\nThe committee voted to return the proposal to the senator rather than introducing it as a bill, with only Sen. Ben Toews, R-Coeur d’Alene, voting against it.\n\nSen. Treg Bernt, R-Meridian, told the Idaho Press he felt the proposed legislation went too far.\n\n“Those exemptions are important and need to be respected under the law,” Bernt said.\n\nSens. Chuck Winder, R-Boise; Kelly Anthon, R-Burley; and Abby Lee, R-Fruitland, were absent.\n\nThe legislation Herndon did successfully introduce relating to abortion would add definitions of abortion and embryo or fetus. The proposal would amend the state’s trigger ban to say that embryo or fetus would, “mean any human in utero”—which Herndon said would clarify that the criminal penalties for performing an abortion do not apply to treatment for an ectopic pregnancy, which is when the fetus develops outside of the uterus.\n\n\nThe bill would add the definition, “‘Abortion’ means the use or prescription of any instrument, medicine, drug, or other substance or device to intentionally kill a living embryo or fetus. ‘Abortion’ shall not include the unintentional death of any human embryo or fetus.”\n\nHe said adding that the embryo or fetus is “living” and clarified that there would be no prosecution if an abortion was done when the fetus had miscarried.\n\nThe proposed bill adds that any person who provides care to a pregnant woman to save her life that results in the accidental death or injury to the fetus will not be prosecuted under the ban. Previously this only applied to healthcare professionals, but Herndon said he wanted to expand it to include all first responders.\n\nBernt said he would vote to introduce the legislation, “just to do more research on it.”\n\n“I just need to learn more about it,” the freshman Senator told the Idaho Press. He said he’d want to reach out to healthcare professionals as he looked into this legislation and its potential effects.\n\nHerndon on Monday morning also brought forward legislation which, unless it’s required by federal law, states that public works contractors are not required to offer access to multiple-occupancy bathroom, changing room, or shower facilities to those whose gender identity is different from their biological sex.\n\nIn 2014, President Barack Obama signed an executive order banning federal contracts from discriminating on the basis of gender identity or sexual orientation. Herndon said that in projects in which federal funds are not used, the contracts do not have to include provisions that would allow people to use the bathrooms that align with their gender identity.\n\nWintrow asked Herndon, “I’m curious, how do we know somebody is transgender and how would we prohibit them from using a bathroom or shower facility?”\n\nHerndon said the bill only prohibits provisions in contracts and would not be determining if people are transgender.\n\nWintrow was the only committee member to vote against the introduction of the legislation.\n\n\nHerndon, in his fourth proposal of the day, sought to add to the state’s “Stand Your Ground” laws, which allow for use of deadly force if someone is “protecting himself or his family by reasonable means necessary” and if they reasonably fear “imminent peril of death or serious bodily injury,” the current law states.\n\nHerndon would like to add a section to the current statute that would allow for a pre-trial immunity hearing within 14 days if someone is arrested for use of force and they file a motion to dismiss on the basis of self-defense.\n\nTo overcome the immunity, prosecutors would have to prove “by clear and convincing evidence,” which is an elevated standard of evidence.\n\nIf a case went to trial, and a jury found the defendant not guilty, there would be a separate question posed to the jury about whether the finding was based upon self-defense. If the jury answered yes, the judge could require the recovery of all of the defendant’s costs.\n\nWintrow voted to introduce the legislation but said she still had “a lot of questions” about how it would affect law enforcement and court proceedings.\n\nThe legislation that was voted to be introduced will be assigned a bill number and then introduced by being read on the floor.\n\nThis article originally appeared in the Idaho Press, read more on IdahoPress.com.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Just in case it wasn’t obvious. Nothing about that post is actually true. He didn’t say any of those things.')
('Right', 'Yes of course, 1/3 of Americans support some random guy in Idaho.')
('Libertarian Right', 'How is this auth right asshole supposed to be lib right? We don’t pass laws.')
('Authoritarian Right', "I'll take bruh moment for 30")
('Libertarian Left', 'Interesting fella he is \n\nhttps://herndonforidaho.com/issues/')
('Centrist', 'I seriously think they shouldn’t let anyone over 50 take office in any part of government anymore. Wtf is wrong with these people')
('Libertarian Left', "Suddenly it's violent instead of yellow, but man better use green when some far-left shit happens")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Bruh is taking his politics from /pol/')
('Left', 'And people say the left can be too intense, holy shit.')
('Centrist', "I understand the first point if you're pro life, exceptions for murder are still murder if that's how you view it.\n\nThe rest is bonkers, and I'm confident most people, even on the right, will agree.\n\nConflating an extreme with the norm is dishonest.")
('Libertarian Left', 'It sure would be a shame if his house mysteriously burned down with him it. Sure would be a shame if that were to happen.')
('Centrist', 'This is ~~Idaho Republican Sen. Scott Herndon.~~ Chancellor of Germany Adolph Hitler\n\nHe wants to **remove** ~~rape and incest~~ murder and genocide exceptions from the ~~state abortion ban~~ countries laws based on human rights, and says that it could be **”cathartic”** for ~~teens~~ Jews ~~raped~~ murdered by their ~~dads~~ countrymen to ~~**have the baby.**~~ fucking die\n\nHe believes ~~teens~~ Jews being ~~**raped**~~ murdered by ~~family members~~ nazis are ~~**”natural circumstances”**~~ the final solution\n\nThis is what ~~MAGA republicans~~ Nazi Party members mean when they claim to be the party of ~~**”family values”**~~ German nationalism')
('Libertarian Left', "What's the difference between yellow and pink?")
('Right', 'What the fuck.')
('Right', 'This is not a centre-right position.')
('Right', 'This leftist propaganda isn’t even remotely believable lol')
('Left', "I love how the left and right both have to 'No True Scottsman' away the crazy things some people on their side say, but when that happens on the left it's a teenager on twitter or an associate professor in bumfuck kentucky, but when it happens on the right it's a Senator.")
('Centrist', '[Righties running to the comments section to play down or excuse the remarks](https://media.tenor.com/2dx4ucIqzNcAAAAM/running-patrick-star.gif)')
('Left', 'Based, would make this sub way better if we ended the cycle of hate')
('Authoritarian Left', 'How dare you do a full compass unity meme without a shitty news article in the middle?')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Nah, theres a difference between my authleft beliefs which are harm reduction and using the state to allow people the opportunity to realize themselves and Marxists. There can be only one.')
('Authoritarian Right', '"And United we stand under one Banner, a Banner of Preservation, a Banner of Equality, a Banner of Economic Superiority, lets go forth and Conquer the Stars, Exploit any Extraterrestial that dares to Question our Morality, lets go brothers."')
('Libertarian Left', 'Love some* of thy neighbors')
('Authoritarian Right', "Damn, as an atheist I guess I'm all by myself")
('Libertarian Left', 'Love thy neighbour. Unless...')
('Left', 'Love they neighbor***\n\n\n***unless they are a minority.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'You summed me up Ice Sniper')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I don’t want my family to have to deal with the third world like I had to in the military.')
('Left', ' Based')
('Libertarian Right', 'You know I honestly want all of these. Sure I may disagree on who who is discriminated against, or what my values and traditions are, but not by that much.')
('Left', 'Like, three of those things are objective goals, one of them is subjective and of course that’s the one whose always in charge')
('Left', 'The original cells that were used to develop 80% of modern medicine have contributed more to mankind than any human has or ever will. Their sacrifice has not been forgotten.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Based and cellclumps deserve love to pilled.')
('Centrist', 'Why is nuclear war more probable now then it was last week?')
('Right', 'Stupid doomers, I first saw this over 90 seconds ago and I’m still alive. Idiots.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Meh just panic porn.\n\nIf the Cuban missile crisis was 2 minutes, were definitely not closer than we were then.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Fuck that stupid clock and the ivory tower cockholsters who keep it going.')
('Libertarian Left', "We've broken a barrier, where they've gone to seconds.\n\nIn 50 years, they'll be measuring it in miliseconds.")
('Right', 'Cuban Missile Crisis: 2 Minutes\n\nNow: 90 Seconds\n\nwho knew that everyone who lived though the time in which man came classes to nuclear war were complete pussies?')
('Libertarian Left', 'That clock is designed for fear mongering to control people')
('Right', 'I don\'t think there is a single thing on this earth that is a greater testament to mankind\'s hubris than this silly \'doomsday clock\'. Actually just a bunch of \'scientists\' shouting on the streets about "The end is coming!" but all the loons take it seriously because it is \'official\'.')
('Right', "Dude, this clock is delayed af. We had like 4 apocalypses in the last 3 years, and only now it's moving? I'm not impressed.")
('Libertarian Right', 'The Doomsday clock makes me hope the world ends because that means the Doomsday clock “experts” end.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I feel like I missed something.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'can someone please explain this clock and what it means i’m so confused. why would good things happen on doomsday?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I want to see nukes flying already')
('Centrist', "It's like 3 hours to midnight, stupid clock is broken.")
('Left', 'HBO just released The last of us, so can’t we like wait a bit. At least until season 1 is done.')
('Centrist', 'Nooo not my heckin imaginary clock controlled by humans')
('Libertarian Left', 'I wanna punch the Person who invented the Word "wokeism" in the fucking face')
('Libertarian Left', 'As someone in the libleft quadrant, I roll my eyes every time this stupid scaremongering gimmick gets discussed. If we were ever as close to annihilation as this gimmick would have us believe, then we would all be dead already.')
('Libertarian Right', 'This shit means literally nothing')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Intellectual asshole’s think they’re omnipotent beings')
('Right', 'I was assured that trump was going to start WW3! And be irresponsible with the nuclear codes….as if the president just has a button like that they can push whenever they want.')
('Authoritarian Right', "U don't fear the clock, I fear the humans that are actually stupid enough to suck up into believing it")
('Libertarian Right', 'I think they’re just trying to stay relevant since the Cold War ended. \n\nNuclear war isn’t profitable. It decimates and contaminates everything. Can’t use the farmland/mines if they’re radioactive. The only reason russia would use one is if they were at risk of invasion of Moscow and total loss of the government. The Ukrainians don’t have nukes, and I don’t see the parties that do using one on their behalf when their country isn’t also at war.')
('Authoritarian Right', '"90 seconds to no more racism"\n\n&#x200B;\n\n200 years later: vault people vs wasteland people')
('Libertarian Right', 'For if the bomb that drops on you🎵')
('Right', 'This motherfuckers. \n\nGod damn I hate them. They appear only to fear monger every couple of years. I remember when Trump won the election for some stupid reason they set it to 30 seconds to midnight or something like that. God knows why.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Nothing unifies the compass quite like the prospect of certain death and I’m here for it')
('Libertarian Right', 'I love how in a epoch moving away from superstition and «\xa0oracle\xa0» and that kind of shit, we still write on stuff like «\xa0Look at what the high priest saw in the liver of a chicken this morning!\xa0»')
('Right', "“And Maureen and Charlotte would stand guard if Al didn't, and to hell with that. The only good thing about Hammerfall, women's lib was dead milliseconds after Hammerstrike.”\r  \n― Larry Niven, Lucifer's Hammer")
('Libertarian Right', 'Damn, Me sad now.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Flair up before I report you to the mods.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Flair up or we’ll replace your salted mini pretzels with unsalted mini pretzels')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Petition to create the -mama flair for u/Glorious_Jo')
('Libertarian Right', 'I was apprehensive of vermin supreme when he said he is taking our guns, but he elaborated it would be to give us better cooler ones.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I always vote for the king. Some day he will win, I am sure of it.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based and Vermin Supreme is my president pilled')
('Libertarian Right', 'Unironically wrote in Vermin Supreme in a city election where both candidates were Dems.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Vermin Supreme donated a kidney, he’s a good dude. Brush your teeth!')
('Libertarian Right', 'Anybody who votes to win is just exacerbating the problem, and has some childish pride in voting for the "winning team."')
('Libertarian Right', 'Free ponys for all')
('Libertarian Right', 'Third party is best. One day we will win.')
('Centrist', 'I stay in my state only because it is the home of Vermin Supreme. Live Free or Die.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based and fuck the two party system pilled')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Lick the boot, l*b.\n\n\n\nLib: Ok.')
('Right', 'I want Vermin Supreme to win an election so bad.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'lmao vote? i pray, because only God will bring victory')
('Libertarian Right', 'He rose from the dead also free pony')
('Authoritarian Right', "Every year, I'm more tempted to write him in.")
('Right', 'There’s literally nothing preferable between two authoritarians. Regardless of who gets elected it’s a disaster for the country. History will only remember that you voted FOR a horrible person. In a contest between Stalin and Hitler supporting either makes you a horrible person. Swing for the fences on someone who isn’t a monster.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Vermin Supreme is a tax & spend liberal.  Paid for by the committee to elect Charles Manson Hitler.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Green Party go brr')
('Libertarian Right', "I don't like him either.")
('Centrist', 'Until you realize the third parties are often dominated by grifters and weirdos.')
('Authoritarian Left', '*smirks in german voting system* \n\nWell i can just vote for a different party. Unlike you we have 6 different parties represented in parliament by a fair election system.')
('Right', 'That is a horrible title.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Thats now how genocide works')
('Libertarian Right', 'Genocide is intentional, poisoning a river through carelessness is not that in any way furthermore I doubt he had the government do this on his behalf rather he likely allowed mining by a company in the area and nothing more. (Side note how does poisoning result in malnutrition? Did it cause the water used for agriculture to not be usable resulting in famine?)')
('Centrist', 'Genocide is purposeful not accidental or negligent.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wait, unintentional mass killings resulting from natural resource extraction is considered a genocide now? Asking…for reasons.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Is there a non leftist source?\n\nEdit: leftists who agree with the title and are the "Yass so true" soyjak meme can\'t see that the BBC has a vested interest in creating fake news literal propaganda against a politician on the right and ideologically believe they are doing the correct thing')
('Libertarian Left', 'Given that south American politics is a shitshow, I wanna see some evidence this is real and not shit throwing from those opposed to him. \n\nDamn, North American politics is following now that I think about it')
('Libertarian Right', 'Why is the LibRight guy wearing a MAGA hat?')
('Right', "Lmao natives have been dying for decades but now suddenly it's Bolsonaro's fault? PT really on the warpath to try and get power huh?\n\nBTW the Yanomani had about 500 dead from malnutrition and toxic metals... in 2015. Under Dilma.  But now the news makes it sound like it was all under Bolsonaro and he specifically targeted them or some shit. God this is so tiresome.")
('Right', "Just so you guys know the Yanomami are the owners and residents to a are the size of the Netherlands, Denmark and Switzerland all together and this only on the State of Roraima.\n\nThe army cannot operate there. Nor the federal police, nor the state police, not without a court authorization. \n\nThe only government agency that can enter there is the agency that deals with indigenous people, and even this agency have only 1360 employees to cover the entirety of the Amazon region. \n\nSo there's absolutely nothing that Bolsonaro could do, no one can enter there without a court authorization, if something happens the area is so huge that no one could locate anything.\n\nAnd before anyone said something like you don't know what you are talking about I worked on Roraima in Pacaraima, close to the Yanomami reservation of Raposa do Sol a area as big as Lebanon. \n\nYou can't even go to Roraima after 6PM through land because the federal highway that cross the state pass through indigenous land and they literally close the highway with a chain after 6PM.\nAnd by court orders they have the right to close the highway.")
('Libertarian Right', "Oh look! Commie Lula takes over and now the media goes into overdrive to produce propaganda against the previous populist admin. Who would have seen that coming? Certainly not anyone that's been paying attention since the CIA... err, I mean the GW Bush administration.")
('Libertarian Right', 'I guess "genocide" can be added to the list of words leftoid morons have stripped of all meaning. Many such a cases.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Tf is going in Brazil')
('Libertarian Right', "Some miners unintentionally poison a river or something and somehow it's genocide and the former president is responsible for it")
('Libertarian Right', '“Centrist” put maga hatter in LibRight… ok LibLeft')
('Libertarian Right', 'But why put a maga hat on lib right? We hate trump.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Yeah, sure.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Why is the Lib-Right wearing a MAGA hat? Don\'t put us in that camp. I only voted for him the first time because "What\'s Aleppo" was an idiot not ready to run and Hillary would have been Presidential Diarrhea if she won.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I’m supposed to like bolsonaro?')
('Centrist', 'Genocide is the murder, sterilisation, or removal of a people with the intent of destroying their ethnic, religious or cultural group. This was clearly motivated by greed, not hatred.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wtf does genocide mean here?')
('Left', 'Can I please get the context?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Do these people live in a country with legally recognized rights? If so, they should sue the bejesus out of that company.\n\nAlso, horrific accidents are not a form of genocide.')
('Libertarian Right', "Illegal mining poisoned their river and that's how Bolsonaro committed genocide. I'm sorry, what?\n\nAlso, what the fuck is that compass? Do you think he actually did it and libertarians would actually defend this?")
('Right', 'This headline is completely idiotic')
('Right', "Bro they should learn their definitions that's not genocide that's just an accident")
('Libertarian Right', 'Why is there a MAGA?')
('Right', '100% that illegal mining is from Venezuela lmao')
('Libertarian Right', 'There, I googled it for you\nGenocide:\nthe\xa0deliberate\xa0killing of a large number of people from a particular nation or ethnic group with the aim of\xa0destroying\xa0that nation or group.\n\nPlease stop using strong words for politial bullshit or they wont have any effect when they are needed in the future.')
('Libertarian Right', 'lmao wtf is this')
('Centrist', 'Except Brazilians adore Bolsonaro.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Now do Western sanctions regimes and starvation.')
('Left', 'Who?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Russian bot posting false info. Downvote.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Challenge: Stop inventing atrocities for rightwing leaders and dilluting the importance of actual atrocities (IMPOSSIBLE)')
('Authoritarian Right', "If someone poisons a river with industrial waste and a bunch of people die, that's bad, but it's not genocide.")
('Libertarian Left', 'MAGA is top right, change my mind')
('Libertarian Left', "Implying that evidence of genocide means there'll be a trial?")
('Libertarian Left', 'If this happened under a communist, the comments would not be so forgiving. Just saying.')
('Left', '> Lib-Right poisoning rivers so he can sell bottled water')
('Centrist', 'O número de pessoas defendendo o mitinho é incrível.')
('Centrist', 'While this is absolutely vile and Bolsonaro should be held accountable for this, it’s not “genocide” strictly speaking. Still doesn’t make him any less responsible though')
('Libertarian Right', 'BBC - “the vaccine is safe and effective”\n\nImagine still believing corporate media in 2023')
('Libertarian Right', 'Lib left - Fatherless Behavior \n\nAuth Right - Maidenless Behavior')
('Libertarian Right', 'Can we get a new meme?  This shit was funny maybe the first two times.')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is just bad. We need to move on.')
('Left', 'They should have danny devito be the human version of the red m&m again')
('Libertarian Right', 'Stop the world, I want to jump off please.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Today OP learned that AuthRight is authoritarian')
('Libertarian Left', 'Rest in peace M&Ms, you were always one of my favorite rappers')
('Centrist', 'What’s happening and why now?')
('Authoritarian Right', "The Left: cancel culture doesn't exist lmao\n\nAlso the left: multi-billion dollar corporation is changing its spokesperson because Tucker Carlson screamed into a camera")
('Right', 'Good work with funni colors')
('Authoritarian Right', "HA! I already know the Early Life Section of the new 'mascot'")
('Libertarian Right', "M&M are bland terrible candy. Reese's pieces are where it is at.")
('Centrist', 'They always have been offended snowflakes, albeit in a different way than the lefties')
('Authoritarian Right', "I will never complain about commercials, that's for boomeeeers!")
('Libertarian Right', 'https://youtu.be/rNwkV-wcMA4')
('Centrist', 'NOOOOO! How could the mother do this, the world is so cruel 😭')
('Centrist', "Mission aborted, we'll get em next time.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'It has been two days of this trend, and I hate it already.')
('Libertarian Left', 'With a square body it must be difficult to fully hug yourself')
('Right', 'I thought they were feds lol')
('Centrist', 'all he had to do was hold the flag like the others. dumbass')
('Right', 'Peanut brain: be a Nazi \n\nLemon brain: be a Democrat pretending to be a Nazi to discredit the republicans \n\nRegular brain: Be a republican pretending to be a democrat pretending to be a Nazi to discredit all the accusations that NAZIs are in the Republican Party. \n\nGalaxy brain: Be a Nazi pretending to be a republican pretending to be a democrat pretending to be a Nazi to convince everyone NAZIs don’t really exist')
('Right', "I'd like to order one white supreme pizza please")
('Right', 'Source: \nhttps://mobile.twitter.com/joncoopertweets/status/1617875702594043905')
('Centrist', 'Kinda crazy how all these life long nazis have freshly unpackaged flags with the crease still present')
('Right', 'Just like the time The Lincoln Project sent fake white supremacists to a Glenn Youngkin rally.\n\nhttps://amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2021/oct/30/lincoln-project-glenn-youngkin-virginia-event')
('Authoritarian Right', "You don't get it. It's irrelevant because it doesn't fit MY narrative!")
('Left', 'Wasn\'t there one where the "KKK" showed up but one of them forgot to put his Klan gloves on showing his black hand? 🤣')
('Right', 'They’re trying to make the DeSantis look bad.')
('Libertarian Right', '"MARTY... you\'re supposed to iron your flag so we look like we\'re serious about this! Seriously bro, learn some fuckin tradeceaft."\n\n-overheard at fed hq before this pic was taken')
('Libertarian Left', 'Malcolm In The Middle is known for its love of flags with powerful icons')
('Libertarian Right', 'You can still see the creases on all of those freshly unfurled flags. Glowies glowing glowily.')
('Libertarian Left', "What's that on the hoodie, i can't read it?")
('Authoritarian Right', 'When you fail a false flag 😂')
('Right', 'Remember when the Lincoln project did this exact same thing like 16 months ago to make republicans look bad')
('Libertarian Right', 'These psyops are becoming too obvious nowadays the feds have to be using them as bait or something')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I’m convinced most Nazi flags are owned by glowie ass leftists.')
('Libertarian Right', 'At least they remembered to stack their FBI windbreakers outside of the frame.')
('Centrist', 'Lmao.  The new thing for the left, when caught in situations such as this, is to say "It\'s a Republican false flag". This, Bidens docs, Velma, mass shootings by "minorities"....the FBI Russian collusion guy..."It\'s not us, it\'s the other guys pretending to be us!!!"...\n\nNo, it\'s literally you.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Malcolm X was against blacks and whites integrating. I don’t agree with his views.')
('Right', 'Not saying this is fake. There are definitely some idiots out there, but this looks way more like one of these old false flag of some stupid Antifa or even worse, the feds...')
('Centrist', 'The same false flag was used at the trucker convoy protest.')
('Libertarian Right', 'https://www.forbes.com/sites/joewalsh/2021/10/29/lincoln-project-says-it-planted-white-supremacist-impersonators-at-event-for-virginia-republican-candidate/')
('Authoritarian Right', 'It always seems strange that all these Nazi’s would use freshly opened flags? I swear Libs needing a false flag are the only people keeping the Nazi Germany flag industry going')
('Authoritarian Left', 'That was the political staff of the democrat rerunning for office in 2020 VA. \n\nI remember it when it happened.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Why do leftists do this?')
('Centrist', 'i saw the reddit thread that talked about this, a bunch of morons saying “Y they wear masks???!!” as if it was some sort of gotcha moment to the far right, as if the far left doesn’t do the same thing\n\nedit : i got banned off of a sub for this Lol')
('Right', 'FBI,FBI,FBI its the FEDS')
('Right', 'Reminds me of the DNC Tiki Torch hoax\n\nhttps://www.nbc29.com/2021/10/29/group-with-tiki-torches-stand-by-youngkin-campaign-bus-charlottesville-event/')
('Centrist', 'Every racists’ friend group:')
('Centrist', '"what\'s this?" good question (too blurry to tell)')
('Right', 'What is that sweatshirt?')
('Libertarian Left', '"Damnit Tyler, the Antifa photo shoot is tomorrow!"')
('Libertarian Right', 'As I always say, there are no actual Nazis in the US. There are trolls false flags, and whoever the left is branding as Nazis for a reasonable position')
('Right', 'Play both sides to win')
('Libertarian Right', 'They are members of the ~~Kan~~Ye cult...')
('Centrist', 'I’ve met a few wignats who support Malcolm X because he wanted to segregate')
('Libertarian Right', 'That post is absolutely GLOWing. I can hear the feds umm I mean white nationalists saying “do a terror”')
('Libertarian Right', "It's funny how the flags are *always* fresh out of the package, still touting crease lines.")
('Centrist', 'American politics in a nutshell ^1\n\nDemocrats: Auth right (leaning towards auth center), socially progressive.\n+ does not care about your self-determination.\n- wants you to pay their taxes and follow their rules.\n- would like to controle your freedom of ownership. \n\nRepublicans: Auth right (leaning towards lib right), socially conservative. \n+ does not care what you own \n- wants you to pay their taxes and follow their rules.\n- would like to controle your freedom of self-determination.\n\n^1 from the POV of a centrist in west Europe.')
('Centrist', '“C’mon John, you had 1 job! Just hold the flag up so we can make Republicans look bad. But you, you idiot! Not only did you not hold up the flag like the rest of us, but you even wore a sweatshirt with Malcolm X in rainbow color?!! How stupid can you be?! You’re done John, you’re not going to be part of operations like this anymore.” - Conversation that happened after people noticed this post.')
('Left', "What's easier to get? a Malcolm X shirt or an SS Confederate Flag?")
('Libertarian Right', 'Hi feds!')
('Libertarian Right', "I've lived in the south my whole life, and been around a lot of small towns. Towns so small that when you tell someone another town for a reference, the people living in THAT town have never heard of it. \n\nI have NEVER seen a swastika anywhere or any popular KKK emblems. Plenty of rebel flags but zero swastikas.")
('Libertarian Right', "*The FBI's diversity quotas outing yet another obvious psy op*")
('Libertarian Left', 'Looking out over a sea of 12,000 black faces at the Chicago International Amphitheatre, American Nazi Party leader George Lincoln Rockwell told the crowd that their last best chance for black uplift was an alliance with Nazis.\n\n“You know that we call you n*****s,” he said. “But wouldn’t you rather be confronted by honest white men who tell you to your face what the others all say behind your back?”\n\nDressed in full Nazi uniform, he had been invited by the rally’s organizers, the black nationalist Nation of Islam, whose leader he soon praised as the “Adolf Hitler of the black man.” [link. ](https://nationalpost.com/news/the-weird-time-nazis-made-common-cause-with-black-nationalists) I’m not saying these aren’t libs in disguise, but they also could still very well be Nazis')
('Libertarian Right', 'I mean malcolm x did hate Jews so')
('Right', 'Malcom X was a NOI spokesman. A lot of overlap with nazi ideology.')
('Left', "I agree with authright what's that? Seriously wtf is that, did communism steal all the pixels or what?")
('Right', 'Woke Nazis')
('Authoritarian Left', "i'm pretty sure malcom x and george lincoln rockwell spoke to each other so this makes sense")
('Libertarian Right', 'Ever wonder why federal agencies never make an arrest on these people showing nazi flags?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Definition of radical centrist.')
('Centrist', 'Im pretty sure you can be black, resonate with the figure of Malcom x cuz of what he represents for black people, and yet still have the complete opposite of his politics for some dumb reason')
('Right', "I think this post was pretty funny because they're not even attempting to create propaganda or strawmen or anything. They just said here's a picture create your own story in your head.")
('Right', 'This shot GLOWIN')
('Right', 'I bet it’s Jussie Smollett under that mask.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'MalcomKKK')
('Centrist', 'Take a step back and look at this image.          \n               \nIt’s quite obviously a blatant political statement.       \n             \nTypically blatant political statements are trying to sell you something, it’s an ad.             \n              \nYou skip and ignore ads.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Reminds me of when that one Lincoln project group that dressed up as white supremacists to stir up trouble during a governor election.')
('Libertarian Right', 'These false flags are getting flagrant as fuck\n\n\nPretty sure we could grab a bunch of Nazi shit and go to a MAGA rally and we’d end up getting interviewed as representatives of the MAGA crowd, even though the rest of the crowd would look at us like we have a contagious disease.\n\nI wonder if we went to a DNC rally and wore a bunch of communist shit. Then again, we’d probably be the only ones there.')
('Centrist', 'When you try to create a false flag but only have left wing shirts.')
('Libertarian Left', 'What does this prove exactly? That it’s actually antifa holding those flags but one of them forgot to take off his Malcolm x hoodie?')
('Right', '>Caption this\n\nThe Curie Temperature.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Theyre all idiots, not surprised they dont even understand wtf they are fighting for.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Peak reddit... [HateCrimeHoaxes banned for promoting hate.](https://i.imgur.com/WQJRClv.png)')
('Left', "That's really not weird. Marholm X was for quite some time a racial separatist, and the Nation of Islam, an SPLC-Designated hate group that he was a proponent of for years, were also separatists who collaborated and relieved donations from the American Nazi party; so this is a picture of a racial seperatist wearing a hoodie of a proponent of racial separatism.\n\nAccusing them of being feds because of this is pretty weak. Feds don't fish around twitter with ops this bad. It just doesn't make sense for any real return because they'd be picking up surface level Nazis who pose no threat. Writing this off as false flag evidence for far right support of the Republican party is frankly ridiculous cope. I'm not saying that kind of thing doesn't happen, but this is probably not an example.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'It really warms my heart to see the far right constantly collapse into fed/glowie infighting.')
('Centrist', 'I mean you can be Black and be a nazi, look at Ye for instance')
('Left', 'White nationalists & hoteps do have a lot in common tho...')
('Right', 'I’m confused')
('Left', "malcomx prob wouldn't approve")
('Libertarian Left', 'Tankie moment, or proof of horseshoe theory')
('Libertarian Right', 'Someone tell me what I’m looking at')
('Libertarian Left', 'How to troll both sides: ^')
('Centrist', 'Considering there were a couple of Republican Congressional members who didn\'t seem to understand that Rage Against The Machine was singing about people like them, and more recently people bitching about Pink Floyd being "woke" because of what their album logo looks like. I just assume a lot of right wing people simply can\'t even comprehend irony.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Is it some generic Malcom X hoodie that you would need to argue for unprovable yet possible irony or one that\'s for his older own racism which can and has united the full on giga white racists with the pyscho racist Black Americans against majority society? Since rainbow or close to rainbow like stuff is too generic anyway for anything given amount of absolute moronic "reclaim the rainbow" guys and people just thinking its neat.\n\nSince showing its one or the other would be more convincing than how new the flags are.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Saw the post on the reddit front page earlier. Top comments were something else.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Malcolm X was a step away from being an Islamofascist, and nazism is \\*really\\* popular among muslim extremists even without the promise of black nationalism')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Bah god Jr the libs are going fascist')
('Left', "How is it my problem that this person has 2 completely contradictory worldviews that they've failed to reconcile?")
('Libertarian Right', 'All government departments have to have diversity hires you know')
('Right', 'Well hello fed boys')
('Libertarian Right', 'Lmfao')
('Left', 'And ? Still nazi.')
('Centrist', '*There is an imposter among us*')
('Centrist', '*The imposter is sus*')
('Libertarian Left', 'This sub tries to be clever in how it manipulates what you see. The far-right very often endeavors to cherry-pick certain individuals and quotes from notable activists throughout history to try and spin an agenda. Malcolm X made some negative comments about “white liberals” that the right likes to latch onto. Sort of how there’s only one quote by MLK that the right likes to quote and they take it completely out of context….')
('Libertarian Left', 'not a single person in this comment section had the thought occur to them that the Nazi would wear the pride Malcolm X shirt to be ironic? “glowies”, “feds”, “psyops” bro u have schizophrenia')
('Left', 'So all of the sudden we are taking Nazi confederates to be stable people capable of discerning the proper meanings from historical figures? \n\nAh yes, the ol’ “literally nazis” argument and it’s consequences.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Translation: the hoodie has half a rainbow on it so it must be antifa faking it! (Ignores the thousands of photos of maga being actual nazis and the dozens of laws being passed by the right that mirror what the nazis did)')
('Left', 'A Nazi.\n\nIs there a fucking echo in here?\n\nSeethe, reichtards.')
('Right', 'There\'s a reason that for generations kids have been taught the story of the little boy who cried wolf. It\'s not just a quaint little story like some episode of a kids show that teaches a nice moral lesson and is forgotten about. (Although there are some TV shows of higher quality, I really feel like Thomas the Tank Engine did a good job of showing many aspects of the human condition and I was reminded of this whole watching Bullet Train recently, no spoilers but if you\'ve seen it you know).\n\nTangent aside the reason this story has held up is because it conveys an important message. That message is that something may very well be a bad thing that poses a threat but if you claim everything is that threat eventually people get annoyed and stop listening, then one day it actually shows up but it\'s too late because nobody takes you seriously anymore.\n\nLooking back in history seriously it is clear to me that the view that sees history as ever marching forward to the progressive viewpoint, held back by bigots for a time but always marching forward, is not true. There have been radical and sudden cultural shifts toward culturally liberal values like we see today in the west but there has also been the opposite, look at the Middle East in the 60s to early 70s versus the four decades after that. I\'d argue that the Middle East is moving from religious fanaticism to a culturally conservative but less radical strong man style politics but it shows that the march of progressive values often reverses.\n\nMy point is there really are some scary elements on the fringes of the right and I think the arc of history makes it clear we are due for a right-wing backlash largely due to the fact that I think a lot of the urban elite have way less power than they have but act like they have more than they do and there\'s a growing distrust of all the institutions they are concentrated in and their ideology needs institutional support to function since it\'s so out of touch with human nature and the real world that in a vacuum it would lose. The question is to what? Hopefully a sane conservatism, but it might not be.\n\nThat being said when the people who are the true bigots who can actually get things done show up they won\'t be dumb enough to carry a swastika flag. It won\'t be "literally Handmaid\'s Tale" overnight but like boiling a frog things will become more and more extreme. Yet nobody will listen when the strong man really shows up because they accused everyone of being that, when in truth it will be somebody way more savvy than DeSantis, and way, way more than Trump.\n\nA good recent point of this is the George Santos think, it\'s pretty clear that Santos lied about his resume at this point. But he made the ok gesture on the floor of the House and again returned to the claim that this was a white power symbol. So here you have somebody who deserves legitimate criticism but they undermine that by making claims like this.')
('Left', 'I didn’t see the shirt either, lol. I don’t think they know what Malcolm X advocated for. This image is authoritarian soup.')
('Left', 'Didn’t Malcolm X like really despise liberals? To the point where he accused them of using African-Americans as political pawns? 💀')
('Libertarian Left', 'Malcolm X Confed lol. Mesa confuse.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Either way fuck em.')
('Centrist', "I'm not saying there aren't nazis on the right, but if you think a handful of people showing up with swastikas to pose for a picture at right wing protests mean anything, you're an idiot. It's probably real on occasion, but it's like the easiest known way to sabotage a conservative event.\n\nLike the one guy who showed up with a swastika flag to the trucker protest with his own personal photographer following him around.")
('Left', "The picture is so pixelated I can't read what it says")
('Centrist', 'Spy')
('Left', "Wait is someone supposed to believe that guy isn't trolling with the clothes? It feels like OP thinks this is a counterargument lmao")
('Left', 'People should stop looking left and right. We should unionise, organise and tear down this fucked up system')
('Left', 'I think these people are very confused on what they believe in')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Can someone explain I’m hella confused')
('Left', 'Who gives a fuck what political spectrum someone is on, if they have good opinions they have good opinions, if they have shitty opinions they have shitty opinions.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Malcolm X would be a Kanye fan if he was around today.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Considering how often we’ve seen the fakes to push narratives (Smollet?), the meme pics are just meaningless.\n\nIt’s kind of nuts how many people use pictures of things they have no relation with to discuss issues they do not ever encounter in their own lives with such passion and conviction.\n\nIf people addressed the things they saw going on in their own communities, and stopped trying to be internet warriors trying to enforce their judgments on snapshots they have no context for, maybe we’d have diverse communities living their best lives?')
('Libertarian Left', "It's like nobody has ever heard of a psyop. This isn't even subtle.")
('Libertarian Right', "So it's not ok when the feds do it, but it is ok when Ukrainians do?")
('Centrist', 'Everytime')
('Libertarian Right', "Goddamn, I've seen false flags before but never a *literal* false flag...")
('Authoritarian Right', 'It’s blurry')
('Left', 'US government.. authleft. Just wtf man..')
('Right', 'Who the hell still uses Google?')
('Libertarian Left', 'op i think you should go make a colorblind test, because nobody can be stupid enough to think the us is authleft')
('Centrist', 'RATM sold out their principals when they didn’t go against ticket master. Fuck RATM!')
('Centrist', 'rage against the machine is limp bizkit for people who dropped out of college instead of high school')
('Centrist', 'Reddit:  cops are racist and want to kill minorities\n\nAlso Reddit: we shouldn’t have guns, only the police should be armed')
('Libertarian Right', "I'm a transplant patient that doesn't give a shit if you wear a mask around me or not. I think vaccinations should be voluntary and no law should hold dominion over anyone and their body (that goes for abortions too!)\n\nRATM's statement about people that choose not to get the COVID vaccine just shows how much they've become The Man. I knew they sold out as soon as they were invited to play on SNL. The whole music industry needs some real fucking rebels again. When was the last time you saw a [guy eat a live bat on stage](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tYv7RWQfzc)? What's wrong with this country?")
('Libertarian Right', 'Rage did that to themselves. Those commies can hold the L in perpetuity')
('Libertarian Right', 'Rage against the machine is so mid for lefty music too')
('Right', "\\*rage against the (i can't say mothers it's transphobic) machine\\*")
('Centrist', 'Maturing is realising RATM was always cringe.')
('Left', 'Has anyone listened to RATM recently and noticed the lyrics still apply but things are reversed now?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Rage against the machine is more like Rage Alongside the Machine at this point.')
('Right', 'RATM fans when they realise that they are apart of the machine')
('Left', 'I do not understand this meme my head hurts')
('Right', 'They only rage against the machine when their handlers want them to silly')
('Libertarian Left', 'FUCK YOU I WONT DO WHAT YOU TELL ME')
('Right', ' Ridge on behalf of the machine')
('Libertarian Right', 'As a bit of a treat - in eastern European countries being at the very least sceptical of police is completely mainstream and shared by all generations. Mostly due to the fact that they were used as a tool of oppression, to break riots and so on. So it\'s totally cool for a punk, skinhead and old conservative people to all say "fuck the police".')
('Authoritarian Right', 'If anything that only shows that they have terrible taste in metal.')
('Left', 'We will when it stops being true.')
('Left', 'I mean it’s the point of the song')
('Centrist', 'Well, they’re not wrong. Downvote me if you like, I don’t care.')
('Libertarian Right', "Was there any reasonable person who didn't know this? Every institution in this country was all in on a Hillary victory, so Trump had to be destroyed as revenge. I am surprised worse didn't happen to him.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'they really miss putting Trump\'s name in their article headlines huh\n\nI really wonder how the ad revenue and the number of "clicks/visitors" have changed for all those "news" websites that put Trump\'s name on everything, compared to now when they have to mostly report on Biden. \n\nAlso if the Mueller Report wasn\'t the nail in the coffin for the Trump/Russia thing, then nothing but cold hard video evidence will do anything, might as well just take the L now instead of dragging this on for another 5-6 years.')
('Libertarian Right', 'The walls are closing in!')
('Libertarian Left', 'The problem with debating qhether the US is "a secular nation" or was "founded on judeo christian values" is people don\'t even agree what those phrases mean exactly.  The debate is usually people talking past each other for that reason.')
('Right', 'The establishment clause and separation of church and state are some of the most misunderstood concepts in American history.\n\nAll the first amendment says is that the government will not create a state religion nor will it infringe upon the free expression thereof.  \n\nThe term “separation of Church and State” comes from a letter Thomas Jefferson wrote to the Danbury Baptist Association.  \n\n> Believing with you that religion is a matter which lies solely between Man & his God, that he owes account to none other for his faith or his worship, that the legitimate powers of government reach actions only, & not opinions, I contemplate with sovereign reverence that act of the whole American people which declared that their legislature should "make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," thus building a wall of separation between Church & State. Adhering to this expression of the supreme will of the nation in behalf of the rights of conscience, I shall see with sincere satisfaction the progress of those sentiments which tend to restore to man all his natural rights, convinced he has no natural right in opposition to his social duties."\n\nJefferson isn’t saying that religion has nothing to do with politics, or that the US is a secular nation.  He’s saying a metaphorical wall should be built to protect religion from government overreach.  It can be conversely argued that the wall can protect the government from religious zealotry.  \n\nNone of this says that the US wasn’t founded on Judeo-Christian values.')
('Libertarian Right', 'The US was most definitely founded as a secular nation but the assertion that “Christianity is a problem in American society…” is asinine and is betraying the bias the writer of those words is trying to enforce.')
('Left', "It's a nation with some heavy judeo Christian values. I definitely appreciate the Quaker influence in particular even as a non-religious person.")
('Right', '>reactionary \n\nWhoops, I accidentally threw anything you had to say in the trash.')
('Centrist', 'I am amazed by the sheer volume of people here with a distorted impression of what secularism actually is. To be clear, according to wikipedia, a [secular state](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secular_state) is any country that "purports to be neutral in the matters of religion, supporting neither religion nor irreligion". Countries such as Turkey and France that ban religious clothing or practices fall under the category of state-enforced atheism, which is completely different from secularism.')
('Right', ">Congress shall make no law respecting the establishment of religion\n\nNo state religion\n\n>or prohibiting the exercise thereof\n\nOr banning religious practices (without a really good public interest reason)\n\nA secular nation would be France or Attaturks Turkey, where religion in public life isn't allowed to exist. We're a religiously neutral nation, not a secular one")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Say the line authright!\n\n*sigh* "Our Constitution was made only for\xa0a\xa0moral\xa0and\xa0religious\xa0people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.”')
('Centrist', 'This comment section smells like Copium seethinate')
('Libertarian Right', 'Whenever that crying MAGA meme comes up the context is always stupid. Shit meme OP.')
('Libertarian Right', "I'm atheist and proud t-shirts 2 for 20$ comes in all colors 🙃")
('Authoritarian Right', 'I always assumed all that was the us trying not to pick a side between Protestants and Catholics, but with almost an assumption that everyone was at least catholic.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Deists go brrr')
('Libertarian Left', 'Based and secular pilled')
('Libertarian Right', "Luckily you don't have to say the pledge of allegiance  👍")
('Right', "I've always thought it better to look at it in terms of the role that church and state play.  \n\nThe state was more of the legal and public side. It is about what we can and cannot do.  The church was more of a moral and private side.  It is more directed at what you should or should not do.  The state should not tell us what is good and what is bad just like the church should not make laws.  The state can be influenced by the effects of the church as the church can influence people to obey the law.  \n\nThe important thing is they are not linked in the same way as the Church of England and the King were linked.\n\nThe US is a secular nation with Christian values and influences.")
('Centrist', 'Why are Americans so slow, compared to other western nations, in ditching religion?')
('Centrist', 'Based and secularism pilled')
('Authoritarian Right', "Don't make me start talking about the God-shaped hole again")
('Libertarian Left', 'I know what the Constitution says.  I just choose to ignore it.')
('Centrist', 'Ever since Jesus commanded the president to hold a horse-race across America to collect His body parts -- then commands a cripple to murder the POTUS -- the US has become a soft-theocracy.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Deism is an interpretation of Monotheistic Religion that believes in the Watchmaker theory, that G\\*d created us, but does not intervene during our lives, so that we can have free will.  I am a Jew who has a Deist attitude.\n\nIf you were smarter, you would have known that.')
('Left', 'Based')
('Right', 'It was secular in the sense that you could choose between being a Jew or a Christian.  If the founding fathers saw what people refer to as secular today, they would have made another amendment.')
('Libertarian Right', "OP is absolutely right and I'm kind of shocked that people think that the USA are not a secular nation.")
('Centrist', "I agree with this meme, and agree with OPs position.\n\nBut it is also my personal belief that America's rise to power (and the British before that, and the French before that, and the Spanish before that) is, in no small part, due to their people's Christian faith. That divine blessing allowed their empires to grow as large and as long as they did.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Incorporation of the Bill of Rights was the biggest expansion of the federal government and everyone just went along with it, even though it means that the federal government can now stop you from promoting your faith in your schools that you pay for with your tax dollars. Furthermore, the idea of incorporating a provision that specifically says “Congress shall make no law…” only highlights the absurdity and unconstitutional nature of this. \n\nFurther compounding the absurdity is the text of the preamble to the Bill of Rights makes it clear that the States were worried about abuses of power by the Feds and ratified the Bill of Rights as restrictions on the federal government.\n\n“THE Conventions of a number of the States, having at the time of their adopting the Constitution, expressed a desire, in order to prevent misconstruction or abuse of its powers, that further declaratory and restrictive clauses should be added.”\n\nThe intention was that States could establish churches in their jurisdictions, and a few of them did. Other States adopted similar provisions to the First Amendment regarding religion. But this was always intended to be a State issue.')
('Libertarian Left', '“I want a religious society, I want a secular government”\n\n-Thomas Jefferson')
('Right', 'Maybe, but our earliest leaders were generally very Protestant and outspoken about their faith and its necessity in our government/culture. See John Adams’ address to the militia in the 1790s or even Manifest Destiny for reference.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I’m okay with Christians being anti-democratic, I don’t like democracy either.')
('Libertarian Right', 'For a "secular" nation founding fathers and their documents sure love to talk about God and the Creator.\n\nThere is a difference between having an *official* state religion like the UK and Denmark. And being completely free of religious influence.')
('Libertarian Left', 'E Pluribus Unum >>> In God we Trust')
('Right', 'Ugh this again.\n\nLemme lay it down for you. The US is by design a nation where a certain religion isn’t supposed to be specifically endorsed or repressed by the Government. If that meets you definition of “secular” than yes the US is supposed to be a secular nation.\n\nHowever many people in the Left seem to think the word secular means “atheistic/totally irreligious”, which it doesn’t. The US was conceptualized to nearly all of Founders as being of a Christian stock, and it was John Adams who said the Constitution would serve a “moral and Christian people; it will serve no other”.\n\nIn practice this means that the Federal Government cannot create a state religion or suppress any faiths, but the people are encouraged to worship God nonetheless. The US was built upon a highly religious foundation, they were just wary about enforcing the States control of religion (as they should be) due to their experiences with the British monarchy and the oppression of non-Anglican Christianity. \n\nMany on the Right don’t like when Leftists try to use these principles to try and stomp out religion instead of what they were supposed to do: protect them from the government. Remember the Constitution isn’t a restriction on the people it’s a restriction on the government.')
('Centrist', 'Here’s the thing: Natural Rights are incompatible with Secular Moral Relativism')
('Authoritarian Right', 'America was never founded as a Christian nation\n\nA mistake we should correct')
('Libertarian Right', '12 of the 13 states had an official state church at the time the first amendment was ratified.')
('Centrist', "Listening to libs talk shit about reactionary politics is some 'Spiderman pointing at himselves' shit.")
('Right', 'The “In God We Trust” thing is a fallacy.\n\nI have a silver dollar from the 1800s (1864 was when it first appeared, less than 100 years after the founding) that has In God We Trust stamped on it.  It was added to paper currency and people use that as some sort of gotcha.')
('Libertarian Right', "Man I'm about to move tf out of my quadrant if one more of you cringey Youtube atheists comes over here.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Yes, and that is why America is not the new Israel, but the great prostitute of Babylon of the Apocalypse')
('Authoritarian Right', 'No one cares + go to church/mosque/ whatever religion you believe in')
('Libertarian Left', 'Based and only-ran-for-office-to-extract-enough-money-from-the-populace-to-afford-leaving-the-country pilled')
('Centrist', "Dominican Republic: {shadow speak} We've come to erase the debt.\n\nHaiti:... H-huh?!?!")
('Libertarian Right', "wait waht. idk shit was that bad. haiti's becoming the western hemisphere's somalia.")
('Left', 'I mean for real, here’s your chance libright, go prove all of us wrong')
('Centrist', "It's always been mind-boggling to me how Haiti is at all times in a perpetual cliff-hanger of total chaos while the Dominican Republic, next door, with the other half of the exact same island, is one of the most chill places ever.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Poor guys')
('Right', 'Source: https://www.npr.org/2023/01/18/1149556481/haiti-last-elected-official-political-crisis\n\nhttps://archive.is/haI67')
('Authoritarian Right', 'So you’re saying I could rule it like a king? 👑')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Voodooism and its consequences have been a **DISASTER** for the Haitian people.')
('Right', '"Only remaining elected officials depart."\n\nHow much is the President of Haiti\'s paycheck, because if they need a president, I\'d be happy to volunteer.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Should have just let Standard Oil and Onassis Shipping nuke it.')
('Centrist', 'If she says yes to a date, I’ll give libleft asylum.')
('Libertarian Right', "It's monke time")
('Libertarian Right', 'Oh yay, another power vacuum. Those have been great for quality of life, historically. Nothing like a nice, completely unguided descent into chaos. Those poor fuckers.')
('Right', "You support crypto? Cause its the only 'unregulated capitalism' around...")
('Libertarian Left', 'Accelerationism is hella based')
('Authoritarian Right', 'eww someone doesn’t know the difference between clips and magazines 🤢')
('Centrist', '“There’s two kinds of people in this world: \nthose with loaded guns, and those who dig.”')
('Libertarian Left', 'But it IS a magazine. Based libright')
('Authoritarian Right', 'im just going to leave this here.\n\n&#x200B;\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJmFEv6BHM0')
('Libertarian Right', 'Lol make sense it’s euro cope keep seething about your irrelevance on the world stage')
('Left', "Remind me again what firearm is the most responsible for gun deaths in America...? \n\nHint: it isn't a ~~long gun~~ assault rifle...")
('Libertarian Right', '“Assault rifle” is a real term. “Assault *weapon*” is not')
('Right', 'Bro wtf the only truly gun rights quadrant is the soy and and the people who forcibly disarmed then massacred entire countries are "let people have Kalashnikov"\n\nwho wrote this lmao')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Average watermelon post')
('Right', 'ngl, roosters are rapey as fuck')
('Libertarian Right', 'And of course they look like they do ...')
('Centrist', 'Srsly tho, why do they always look like this')
('Libertarian Right', 'I agree with rightcenter.')
('Right', 'Here\'s a source including the YouTube video.   \n[https://nypost.com/2019/09/11/radical-vegans-ripped-for-claiming-chickens-get-raped-fishing-is-murder/](https://nypost.com/2019/09/11/radical-vegans-ripped-for-claiming-chickens-get-raped-fishing-is-murder/)\n\nI suppose "their reproduction method would be bad if humans did it, so chickens should be extinct" is an interesting take.')
('Libertarian Right', 'You know I read somewhere that eating meat actually helps with brain development.')
('Libertarian Left', 'If they’re vegan why do they have chickens')
('Authoritarian Right', "Wow sisters, I wonder what would've happened if Hitler was a capricorn or a cancer 🙈😜")
('Centrist', 'marxcels lmfao first time ive seen that one')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I can get behind this')
('Right', 'You could literally just quote anything from his shitty book and it would go with the soyjak face')
('Libertarian Right', 'oh shit im a taurus, better flair authcenter now')
('Centrist', 'Employ the child and prepare them for their future role as an oligarch?')
('Centrist', "LibRight's case could run two ways...\n\n&#x200B;\n\nand I am not sure which I fear the least.")
('Centrist', 'I don’t think the shoes, lesbian or plus sized candy (funny how everyone tries to erase the latter two from this conversation) are the outrage.\n\nSame as Gillette with their bullshit. People are fed up with companies pretending to be advocates of social change or movements.\n\nYou’re a fucking Candy Company. We don’t care for your world view. Just produce candy and shut up.')
('Libertarian Right', "Green M&M was last year. Nobody has been complaining about it recently so I'm really thrown off.")
('Left', 'THIS IS A MARKETING GIMMICK .')
('Libertarian Left', 'For once i agree with centrist')
('Left', 'The funny part is I bet this is all a set up to a Super Bowl commercial')
('Libertarian Right', "Let's get the guy who turns everything he touches into Skittles to hug both the M&M horny and the M&M woke crowds.\n\nWin for all.")
('Centrist', "It's just to take your attention away from the fact they're being sued for having heavy metals in their products.")
('Centrist', 'Why are you listening to a candy company for political commentary?')
('Right', "It isn't part of the western civilization downfall because Green m&m isn't sexy anymore, It is part of the downfall because ppl care about fucking mascots from a candy. Why does It even has mascots, it's chocolate")
('Libertarian Right', 'Wait, people still care about the M&M shoe shit? \n\nWasn’t that last year’s “tea”?')
('Centrist', 'just shut the fuck up an eat the damn things')
('Authoritarian Right', 'did anyone say that they wanted sexier candy? i thought people were upset because a candy was being changed as some sort of weird, uncalled for, feminist move.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I don’t mind the retirement of the mascots as much as I mind the fact that they are replacing them with maya Rudolph.  I just find her obnoxious.')
('Left', "Eh, that's probably what they were planning for with the first redesign anyway\n\nI wonder what lawsuit they're covering up this time")
('Authoritarian Right', "Androgynous M&M's make them not unique")
('Libertarian Right', 'Nestlé Smarties have always been nicer than M&Ms anyway')
('Libertarian Right', "Yet nobody cared that the caramel M&M's package was Red and Yellow committing murder and displaying their victim's entrails for all to see.")
('Left', 'M&Ms are M&Ms!!!')
('Centrist', 'Im actually for this. Maybe we will get to a point where its too difficult to create an ad thats not offensive and we can get TV/internet/radio without ads.\n\nAnyone got some Copium i can hit?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Based and instantaneous grandmother pilled')
('Authoritarian Right', "I'm the no account guy. Where's my representation?")
('Authoritarian Left', 'How long does it take you to make those? How much time do you spend per compass, and how often do you post?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Some of these wojaks are just outrageously hilarious. Well done!')
('Right', 'Authright hates the amnesty too.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Beruit was an utter failure and costed the lives of many Americans. How could a peacekeeping mission somehow result in over 200+ dead American peacekeepers?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Ironically enough here in Central Europe Reagan is considered one of the best president since he helped destroy communism. All this while many of us hate FDR for selling us to Stalin.')
('Libertarian Right', "Why would libright be angry about immigration? Particularly if it was legal? Both the comically flanderized and real versions of people in that quadrant wouldn't really be bothered by that.")
('Libertarian Right', 'The criticism of Reagan\'s handling of the USSR is a level of cope I rarely see. The USSR ended detente with their stupid idea to stabilize their communist allies in Afghanistan. You can\'t start wars and call for international disarmament at the same time.\n\nReagan didn\'t "create al-Queda", he gave weapons to the Mujahadeen who were resisting the Soviet invasion. The Mujahadeen was comprised of different groups from all over the world who later fought each other during the Afghan Civil War following the Soviet withdrawal. Osama bin Laden is the founder of AQ, and they were just one of the groups operating in Afghanistan after the war. \n\nGorbachev\'s request to get rid of Soviet nukes in exchange for America doing the same was made when the Soviets had zero leverage because of the impending collapse of the Soviet economy. By the time Gorbachev took power in 1985, 1 out of every 3 loaves of bread consumed in the USSR were imported. The problem for the Soviets was that the oil money they used to purchase foreign goods was gone by 1985. Why was it gone? Because the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan spooked the Saudis into aligning with the US and decreasing the price of oil. The goal of this collaboration was to choke the Soviet wallet and prevent the USSR from further aggression in the Muslim world. Facing a food crisis and no funds to import goods, Gorbachev needed to come to a deal with Reagan, and it was the Reagan administration that forced Gorbachev to grant political rights in the USSR. The offer to get rid of all nukes was just a publicity stunt that no one was interested in accepting. \n\nReagan wasn\'t perfect, but his handling of the USSR and using their own aggression against them was brilliant. The real second-worst president of the modern era was Barack Obama btw.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I don’t like Reagan, but calling him the second worst modern American president is essentially admitting you don’t have a good relationship with your father.')
('Left', 'I thought the Right generally liked Reagan some even basically worshipping him')
('Libertarian Right', 'Russia: \\*destroys nukes*\n\nUS: \\*destroys nukes*\n\nEvery other enemy of the US: “Oh yeah, it’s all coming together”')
('Centrist', 'Reagan is in hell waiting for heaven to trickle down there.')
('Right', 'Stopped reading at  "Gorbachev wanted to destroy all ussr and usa nukes, reagan said no" like are you a fucking moron? that would just give world power to those who still had nukes, and up and coming nuclear nations like north korea terrifying power.\n\nTerrible post.')
('Authoritarian Right', "Fuck you Reagan, blue quadrant was based imperialism and empires and now we're just associated with boomer christians.")
('Right', "I'll give you that one. Fuck Reagan. Add another one to your list: National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act")
('Authoritarian Right', 'no joke, that cunt is the reason why mgs are banned')
('Libertarian Left', 'Let’s not forget he secretly sold missiles to the Iranians (post-revolution/ hostage crisis)to raise funds to overturn a democratically elected government in Central America, bypassing congress in the process')
('Libertarian Right', 'Since when is lib right anti immigration? I am very pro LEGAL immigration because it allows skilled workers to add value to the economy')
('Right', 'Reagan is not my favorite but he was fairly good. I do think he is over hyped by boomers though.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'This post is brought to you by brainwashed leftist #99999!')
('Libertarian Right', 'Libright likes immigration.')
('Centrist', 'He didn\'t really create al-Qaeda. He just didn\'t do anything to help bin Laden calm his tits.\n\nIt was Brzeziński and Carter who induced a Soviet invasion of Afghanistan as payback for Vietnam (Zbig admits as much). It was Arab governments who dumped their prisons into Afghanistan as the maligned "Afghan Arabs" that formed a core base of AQ footsoldiers. It was Sayyid Qutb\'s 1950s text "Signposts" that informed UBL ideologically, and it was the post-Suez engagement with the ME that continued to enrage him. Yes, the US forces in Saudi Arabia was an important event but it wasn\'t the sole reason UBL turned his Peshawar operation into al-Qaeda. \n\nYou did forget to mention Reagan was, and was backed by, anti-Reconstructionist and anti-New Deal reactionaries though.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Once again I am proved right that Calvin Coolidge was the best us president')
('Authoritarian Right', 'The man transformed the GOP into the NeoCon cancer that it is. Damn shame Hinckley had such bad aim.')
('Centrist', '"For the last time Ron: trickle down economics doesn\'t work."')
('Right', 'Most objective and factual left-center')
('Libertarian Right', 'At least he lowered taxes')
('Right', 'The first worst one is FDR right? That commie piece of shit should have succumbed to polio.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Reagan did save us from another great depression though, that Carter almost put us into. I would have put Carter above Reagan.')
('Right', 'This is so stupid.')
('Left', 'Also... Jelly beans are a terrible candy')
('Centrist', 'hate him for almost all those reasons. exceptions:\n\n1. "Laid down the foundations to political extremists that gives the right and freedom a bad name". yes i hate that he did this. but the right always had a bad name. or rather, bad rep. \n2. "High value on immigration". what\'s this even mean? \n3. "Ignored Saddam Hussein". a good thing.\n4. "Weak on war on terror". also a good thing.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'What is this, a troll post? Was he supposed to invade Iraq BEFORE they invaded Kuwait? There was no war on terror in South Asia during his term. It was the Taliban fighting the Soviets. And he certainly didn\'t "ignore" the situation in Beruit.\n\nThe rest of your bullshit isn\'t worth my time to refute.')
('Right', 'Reagan was pretty great')
('Right', 'You could’ve at least put valid criticisms by each quadrant instead of whatever the hell you made up')
('Libertarian Right', 'No wonder this was made by a left leaning guy\n\nFor right, Reagan was good (I am only saying for Lib-right)\n-He banned Unions\n-Privatized everything\n-Ended Social Security(say whatever you want to, tax dollars are better spent on weapons)\n-Ended subsidised housing\n-He is Free Trade Market')
('Libertarian Left', 'No right leaning person would agree with anything on the right side of this meme.  Case in point, these comments.')
('Libertarian Right', "For me the worst presidents starting at wilson are:\n\n\n1) Wilson (duh!)\n2) FDR\n3) tie between Ford or Regan\n5) tie between Carter and Bush 41\n\n\nAs for best (comparatively speaking) presidents \n\n\n1) Coolidge\n2) Harding\n3) Clinton\n\n\nCoolidge was cool and I actually think he was good, but It is very depressing that Clinton and Harding are 3rd and 2nd respectively, but that goes to show the quality of the presidents that we've had since Wilson")
('Libertarian Right', 'I dont')
('Libertarian Right', 'Destroyed the Soviet Union. Drops Mike.')
('Right', '4th best president in my book')
('Right', '"Is responsible for all the poor people suffering in the United States"\n\nReally? *Every single one* is Reagan\'s fault?\n\nDemocrats are just still salty that Jimmy Carter was an abject failure, and that the American people made that very clear by giving Reagan two of the biggest electoral landslides in history.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I remember growing up and mostly identifying as Republican because despite most boomers I knew not being true republicans even in the 90’s, most identified as Republican because no one wanted to “waste their vote” with third parties. \n\nI remember Reagan was and still is by many boomers considered the benchmark for a U.S. president mostly because he was so Uber right leaning and “traditional”. In reality he was a terrible president and easily in the top 10 worst us presidents we will likely ever see. \n\nI’m on the right hand side of the spectrum but most of Reagan’s policies were absolutely terrible, many intentionally so. He was a terrible person and despite what boomers claim he was not really a Christian and he sure as hell didn’t care about the working class as evidenced by his policies setting us up for generational failure to provide for ourselves. Fuck Reagan and his shitty policies.')
('Libertarian Right', '2nd worst? Woodrow Wilson, FDR, Jimmy Carter, Bush Sr, Bush Jr, Obama?\n\nDefinitely a stiff race.')
('Right', 'Reagan is widely considered one of the greatest presidents of all time. Half of what you wrote involves conspiracy theories or is highly subjective.')
('Authoritarian Left', "\\>Gorbachev wanted to destroy all of the USSR's nukes if the US did the same. Reagan said no.\n\nNever knew this! My god did Gorbachev do everything in his power to make the USSR as weak as humanly possible.\n\nAlso >High value on immigration\n\nWait until LibRight hears what Adam Smith and Friedman had to say on immigration lol")
('Right', 'I think op does not like Ronald Regan 🤷\u200d♀️')
('Libertarian Left', 'Based. Gives legitimate reasons for every quadrant to hate him for directly going against their fundamental political beliefs, while also just being cross-compass unity dick moves.\n\nRed-scare was a lot of cringe.\nGiving in to terrorists is cringe.\nRacism is cringe.\n\nSomething for everybody.')
('Centrist', "Didn't he create the republican bullshit of underfunding services and calling it freedom")
('Left', "Reagan is heartless bastard and I hope he has a punishment like Jacob Marley from 'A Christmas Carol' being forced to watch people suffer, knowing you could have helped and not being able to")
('Libertarian Left', 'The image is not big enough. \n\nThe complete clown show that was the SDI program. Increasing the military budget is a reason why our taxes are still so high to this day to military spending.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Fuck Ronald Reagan, all my homies hate Ronald Reagan.')
('Libertarian Left', 'GOP the nanosecond civil rights protesters carry guns:')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I…actually don’t *disagree with any points on any of these quadrants. He was a pig shit-eating b-list entertainer and boy did his follow through during his presidency show it.')
('Right', "The idea that homeless people *don't* choose to be homeless is, generally speaking, pretty nuts. Obviously not each specific homeless person chooses homelessness, but the vast majority of them do.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Reagan economic policy good')
('Centrist', 'This is just a list of reasons why Reagan is so based')
('Right', 'Weak on terror? Dude the Iranian hostage crisis ended the day he was elected terrorists were so scared of him. \n\nPromises of capitalism fell short? He created one of the strongest economies America has ever seen. You are full of BS')
('Right', '“Racist” “responsible for all of the poor people” “sold crack to black people” “most corrupt regime” lmao this is delusional')
('Authoritarian Left', 'he was friends with the wickedest witch')
('Right', 'At least he had good jokes')
('Libertarian Right', 'What’s the 1st')
('Centrist', 'he created wut?')
('Libertarian Right', 'ok but like  \nsecond worst  \njesus christ')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Based and no compromise with terrorists pilled')
('Centrist', 'Many people in his administration either quit, been fired, arrested, indicted, or convicted of breaking the law or violating the ethics code. Edwin Meese was investigated by four separate prosecutors. Four separate prosecutors had to look into the activities of the Attorney General, and the Attorney General is the nation\'s leading law enforcement officer. These were the supposed law and order people. They were elected with the help of the moral majority and the Teamsters Union. Organized religion and organized crime working together to build a better America. \n\nThe above was from George Carlin\'s 1988 HBO special called "What Am I Doing in New Jersey?"')
('Right', 'Isn’t pro immigration a lib right thing.')
('Centrist', 'he only got in because he was charismatic.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Who told you libright is against immigration?')
('Libertarian Left', 'At first read the libleft section and thought there are listed all the reasons Reagan is libleft. At the end I was like "wow, so fucking based"')
('Left', 'He (and clinton) deregulated the media as a whole, so now all the major studios are owned by like 5 companies and the news can just fucking lie to you.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Spoken like a true leftist')
('Libertarian Right', 'But he removed the restrictions on thirty minute toy commercials so that transformers and gi Joe can exist')
('Libertarian Left', 'Nah the 2nd worst modern President is Bush 43.')
('Right', 'Reagan is a C or D tier president imo. Definitely not the 2nd worst modern one.')
('Right', 'I still like Reagan just saying')
('Authoritarian Right', 'If replicators that can fabricate all the basic needs for people and can run on renewable energy and are so cheap every community can have one \n\nthen I could see how their ideas might work pretty well')
('Libertarian Left', 'Holy shit where’s the “Harry Potter isn’t real” clip')
('Right', 'Green funi, orange scar you for life')
('Libertarian Right', 'Ah yes without the confines of scarcity everyone could have more, fucking SHOCKER')
('Centrist', 'I don’t think it’s appropriate to describe Star Trek in modern economic terms given that everyone can have just about any material item they could want. The concept of economics as we know it doesn’t apply to many aspects of that universe. Although there is still colonization, resource extraction, military production, and black markets. There isn’t really any indication that any of these aspects outside the military are controlled by a central government. Federation members control most of their domestic politics on their own worlds.')
('Right', 'No advance in culure since 2000 (they quote Shakespeare ffs)? Maybe they are onto sth...')
('Centrist', 'Aellas pretty green, actually.')
('Libertarian Left', '\\>Right wing woman\n\nOpinion discarded')
('Libertarian Left', "I'm old enough to remember when Lefties considered racial separatism a bad thing.")
('Libertarian Left', 'If MLK was alive today, some idiots would call him a "colorblind racist". I\'m not sure if it\'s even possible to be one.')
('Right', "Speaking for the dead is bad, but MLK wasn't wrong either. Emily is right that we don't know how he'd react to modern politics, but his message of unity and treating ALL as equals is still 100% correct")
('Libertarian Right', 'We’re tarded and our shits all fucked up')
('Libertarian Left', 'This is certainly true of some concepts but judging people by their character rather than their race is not one of them.')
('Centrist', 'YOU CANT SPEAK FOR MLK!!!\n\nshe says, speaking for mlk')
('Centrist', 'Let’s face it. Both far right wingers and far left wingers wouldn’t like MLK. But us centrists would love to see his grilling skills')
('Libertarian Right', "Predicted this a couple of years ago. The left is going to tear down MLK's laws and accomplishments because those things now stand in the way of their desire to practice explicitly racist policies.")
('Libertarian Right', "Am I supposed to be for treating people different based on race or not? 95% of people don't even fucking notice when they're talking from one person to the next because why would anything change")
('Libertarian Right', 'I am so glad I chose this flair')
('Libertarian Left', 'I mean any time a race based issue comes up everybody swarms to bring up "what MLK would think". At least Emily is self aware enough to know that we have no clue how he personally would react today.')
('Libertarian Left', 'MLK didn\'t say that we should right now do all colorblindness.  He said that he had a dream that *one day* it\'ll happen.\n\nHe also pushed for things that are hard to square with the modern right wing view of "colorblindness"')
('Authoritarian Right', 'So typical orange Emily being the most racist person ever? Shocking news that these idiots are the most racist people ever.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'MLK was pro affirmative Action')
('Left', 'Lol i bet she had to work on mlk day')
('Libertarian Right', 'Applying for grad school and seeing it explicitly said in the admissions page of several universities I applied to that “preference is given to people belonging to underrepresented groups (including women) and minorities” in addition to explicitly laid out quotas for First Nations students had me simultaneously worried and beyond pissed off. Merit be damned when explicit quota filling would prioritize a worse applicant in one of the most competitive graduate programs behind medicine and law. I needed a GPA of at least 3.9 to be competitive (ended with a 4.11 in my last 30 credits). Alternatively, I could be a black woman and get in with a GPA of 3.7, which is the minimum GPA cutoff for many of these universities to even look at your application. Luckily ended up getting in, but it’s absolutely ridiculous how explicitly a fucking master’s program will discriminate on the basis of race and sex to correct perceived wrongs.')
('Libertarian Right', '“You have no idea what Jesus or Buddha would have thought today. Maybe they would have approved of the Thousand Year Aryan Reich Ethno-State and death camps for unbelievers.To think otherwise is silly.”')
('Centrist', "In Hagrid's voice: *Yer a wizard Emily*")
('Right', 'Basically ‘equality’ was good in MLKs day in the white dominated society, but unnecessary today as the pendulum swings away from that. Cool')
('Libertarian Right', 'Every time you start thinking “Oh those people are so old, their concepts mean nothing in todays world” you are absolutely doomed to repeat the most horrific kinds of history.')
('Right', "I pretty much agree with the comment. MLK being right on race doesn't mean he was right on economics.")
('Left', 'wtf? LibLeft, you good?')
('Centrist', 'Something something horseshoe theory')
('Left', "Who would you trust about black issues?\n\nA based black pastor who has spent basically his whole adult life fighting segregation, while being inspired by the wise teachings of Jesus and Gandhi and later assassinated in his full glory, or a white armchair ideologist who doesn't get in touch with actual people in real life and who is apparently suffering from more mental ilnesses that you knew existed?")
('Right', 'MLK WAS A RADICAL LEFTIST AND HIS ONE LINE FROM I HAVE A DREAM IS USED CONSTANTLY TO MISREPRESENT AND UNDERMINE HIS ACYUAL BELIEFS')
('Libertarian Right', 'I’m not sure how “I have a dream” can really be interpreted any other way')
('Libertarian Right', 'The increasingly hilarious AuthRight wojaks are daily contributing to my mental health')
('Centrist', "MLK was in a time where racism was inherent to institutions and the law.  So yeah, asking whites to think differently would be necessary.\n\nNow, racism isnt inherent to institutions and the law.  Its more a consequence of cultural baggage and economic harsh realities.  So it would make sense to pivot to looking for better opportunities for people to do well in life.\n\nIf a change of perspective doesn't occur people will be calling racism even when outcomes are almost perfectly equal.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'KKK was leftist')
('Libertarian Left', 'Horseshoe effect in full display, so against racism you become a racist yourself')
('Authoritarian Right', "I'm stronger, I'm smarter, I'm better")
('Libertarian Right', 'Define success?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Bitch please trade brought gun powder, the most successful is libright')
('Centrist', 'Other ideologies other than auth-right have been invented about 300 years ago. This is obviously a rigged race.')
('Centrist', 'This meme is about 70 years out of date. Neoliberalism is clearly the GOAT ideology based on international win:loss ratio.')
('Centrist', 'Funnily enough, they aren’t.\n\nThe only successful nations left are libertarian and progressive ones. ( Chinas fucking itself, Russia is… Russia, North Koreas starving at us, African warlords are about as successful as well, warlords can be).\n\n The only instances of authoritarian states lasting a long time is either, they were actually libleft/right for the time period, had very smart people who rose up thanks to progressivism or hardly exerted any influence on the citizens of their nations (i.e, not very authright.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'The most difficult to swallow pill.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Everyone is equally successful. Since every form of government/society has failed in the end.')
('Centrist', 'auth left is unrealistic and lib is too monke to civilisation')
('Libertarian Left', 'AL successful?  \nLMAO')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Nah kick the other to jokers out, LibRight countries either fail (Somalia) or become auth (US). The commies at least know how to treat their government (as a God) but just end up starving.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Get AuthLeft and LibRight outa there and then it will be accurate.')
('Libertarian Left', '...how are we measuring success? Clearly not in freedoms')
('Centrist', 'Why is Authleft there ?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Are you challenge Auth Left???')
('Centrist', 'No... Replace Libleft and authleft')
('Authoritarian Right', "I mean, libleft got gay, trans, and whatever else rights normalized after trans. So there's those 2 wins and 2 authright L's")
('Libertarian Left', 'Gon be me soon, the quality of this sub is slipping')
('Right', 'Grass is a left-wing psyop!  You liberals will never make me touch grass!')
('Right', 'Its fucken winter. At least look outside yourself, OP')
('Centrist', 'Cant do that. if i got banned from subs I wasn’t even joined in, then i gotta stay in this shithole')
('Libertarian Left', 'I just want to be called racist without getting banned')
('Libertarian Left', "You can be racist and sexist in reddit as long as they are white and male, it's that easy")
('Centrist', 'shitposting is a dying artform')
('Libertarian Right', 'I am racist tho... \n\nThere is no but.')
('Libertarian Left', "that's racist mayne")
('Authoritarian Left', 'But are the memes racist?')
('Centrist', 'Just got banned from a subreddit i want even a part of')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Based and schizo Oscars pilled')
('Libertarian Right', 'That shit was a whole ass emotional roller coaster ngl 🥵🔥')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Better than that zootopia comic')
('Centrist', 'Quality shitposting.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'The schitzo PCM aborted multiverse is looking promising')
('Centrist', 'That aborted gf and its consequences have been a disaster for the PCM race..')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Worse than that libleft OddPossession and authcenter Clock guy romance. 10/10')
('Centrist', 'I cried and camed 10/10')
('Left', 'Who would’ve thought that one individual missing their meds would cause such a trend')
('Right', 'A story that will never happen')
('Centrist', 'You should unironically make use of this concept')
('Authoritarian Right', 'The only thing here that needs aborting is this meme')
('Libertarian Right', "Loving this whole meme arc. Can't wait for Aborted PCM Cinematic Universe")
('Centrist', 'Wait, no wholesome award?')
('Libertarian Right', 'When a meme within a meme becomes a reality….')
('Authoritarian Right', "Can't forget the aborted Dictator. He could be a good secondary antagonist along with evil aborted gf.")
('Centrist', 'Wow. Been really liking the story going on with the aborted gf meme.')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is one of the most interesting PCM storylines in recent history. Good job guys…I think.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Quality shitpost')
('Libertarian Right', 'New year new premium schizo💯💯')
('Centrist', "LOOK MOM I MADE IT I'M FAMOUS")
('Libertarian Left', 'People are affected by this not because of views on abortion but because they wish they had a bf or gf')
('Libertarian Right', "Tfw it's perfect weather for making snowmen but you aborted the daughter you could have built them with...")
('Libertarian Right', '"We gave it two enthusiastic thumbs up" - Aborted Siskel and Aborted Ebert')
('Centrist', 'PCM Lore is getting deep')
('Right', 'You guys ever notice that the people who say race is a social construct also weirdly hype up certain attributes of different races?')
('Libertarian Left', 'I agree, Rally Dakar is obviously the superior race compared to F1.')
('Left', 'The quality of drawing correlates with the quality of reasoning.')
('Libertarian Left', 'That gymnast jumped over a flaming car, I gotta agree with him')
('Authoritarian Right', "I don't even think I'm superior, I just hate people with skin darker than mine.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Both are mental gymnastics compared to the Chad xenophobe who simply hates you all for being foreign with no need for “genetics” or “statistics”')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I like how they both end up at the same braindead conclusion')
('Authoritarian Right', 'based and fuck AuthLeft pilled')
('Libertarian Right', 'There are only two races.\n\nThe Human Race.\n\nAnd [LeMans](https://www.24h-lemans.com/en)')
('Centrist', 'Take off that monkey mask')
('Libertarian Right', 'Their only one race I whole heartedly support over all is NASCAR \n\nFUNNY CIRCLE GOES VROOOOOOM')
('Authoritarian Left', 'All humans belong to the same Race')
('Left', ">races have unique features and experiences\n\nWhich needs to be resolved through egalitarianism, integration, and mixing. \n\nWho in here doesn't secretly want to bang Lupita Nyong'o?")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Based \n\nNow go outside, because you deserve some fresh air after making all this cool stuff\n\nThen go back inside and make more cool stuff')
('Libertarian Left', 'Based and never even saw grass-pilled')
('Authoritarian Right', 'there are US military personnel looking at this wondering how they can weaponize this level of autism')
('Right', "Improved this again after my previous post was banned for interacting with other subs. We do have a subreddit called Children of Dusk, if you want to check out more of this world, google it.\n\nLore Sample:\n\nEconomic Collapse, 2 World Wars, 2 Religious Revolutions, the Rise of the Global South, and the establishment of an extremely multipolar world order.\n\nEach individual region has mountains of lore, just for an example. Fatalist Germany is a country controlled by a superintelligent AI, but it's hardware has been degrading over time, and it's superiority over humans has been shrinking as artificial intelligence turned out to hit a wall of diminishing returns, and humanity has now built other technology that can counter it. By the year 2100, what used to be the haunting specter of the world has been reduced to a rump state, increasingly reliant on their allies in a Technocratic France to support itself.\n\nIn the East African Federation, a council of benevolent corporations took power, stepping in after the failure of their governments in the floods and nuclear winter of World War 4, radically restructuring society around the corporation. Originally exploiting the economy for profit, these CEOs have now drunk their own propaganda so much that they genuinely do believe they are a series of benevolent despots, leading the world to a new world order. Think of every what every modern corporation tries to present, thinking they're going to save the world, but now they believe that unironically.\n\nSurveillance cameras dot every street, and familial relationships are banned, because the company is your family, everyone is your family, and you wouldn't want to let your family down, would you? In the Islamic World, the failure of the 3rd Arab-Israeli War sparked a radical shift in the culture of Islam, people became convinced that Islam had fallen behind, and only by modernizing can the religion compete with its older brother, Christianity, which by now was going through a reawakening. The Islamic Culture Wars saw the conflict between Islamic modernity and traditionalists wage out, with new movements like Quranism taking over Turkey.\n\nIn America, an economic crash, and rising polarization saw a confrontation between the center-left and the far right (In America center-left is far left honestly.) leading to the victory of Victoria Cortez, a Christian nationalist who radically restructured the nation in her image in preparation for a fight against the Eurasians and Chinese, who at the time controlled the world. The eventual confrontation led to billions of deaths, and 15% of America's population specifically being wiped out. With the ash clearing, did the American eagle finally begin to recover. Under the progressive administration of Alisha Crowder, and later on, Julia Land, the US eventually transitioned back into a semi-liberal democracy, though marks of its Christian Nationalist era remains.\n\nIt is worth noting here that Alisha Crowder later greatly radicalized later in life, moving to Cuba, joining the Solarpunk movement, and then becoming the first ex-American president to assassinate another ex-American president, ironically she assassinated Julia Land, the first Asian president of the US. This has very little to do with everything else I just wanted to mention it this timeline is insane.\n\nFinally, in the year 2092, Bernie Sanders, beyond all odds somehow takes the presidency, now being over 100 years old. After being in office for precisely 23 days, he passes free healthcare, then has a stroke and dies on the Resolute Table right after he signed it into law, his life purpose being complete.\n\nIf you really want to see the sheer autism of this timeline there's a full Google doc here. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t9ELHr5oiN2XjczQfhiljoGPQxCFgHGR1AnLlokJoEs/edit?usp=sharing\n\nIf you have any further questions about the lore, reply to this post and I'll answer any questions you may have.")
('Centrist', "Didn't read.")
('Left', 'I am no longer asking. Touch grass 🔫\n\nSide note you almost crashed my phone')
('Left', 'Bernie lives 151 years \n\nBecomes US president \n\nInstate free healthcare \n\nDies \n\nRefuses to elaborate')
('Centrist', 'This is too high effort for PCM. Incredible work')
('Right', 'This is a masterpiece. Now please go outside.')
('Right', 'Kissinger still alive. Fuck')
('Libertarian Left', 'Holy shit touch grass')
('Libertarian Left', 'Oh my god, your meme is so big!! 🥵🥵')
('Libertarian Right', 'Seriously with this much lore you should probably just right a book')
('Centrist', 'jesus fucking christ man touch grass. well done though')
('Libertarian Right', 'I tried to open the image and my phone crashed')
('Libertarian Right', 'Jesus christ man I love this and want more.')
('Libertarian Right', "PCM when newest aborted X meme: +1000000000\n\nPCM when dude hasn't seen grass for a year making whatever this is:")
('Libertarian Left', 'What is a hyperstate?')
('Libertarian Right', 'gross protestants made it to 2100')
('Centrist', 'Based. \n\nI remember seeing this compass before, but was unable to read it due to being on mobile. But now I can read it. Thank you very much. You’re doing the Lord’s work dude.\n\nThe compass itself was very cool. There were also some funny bits like the Siberian bot saying the West has already lost 100 trillion lives and will collapse in 0.3 picoseconds.\n\nOverall, humanity seems to be doing ok. Yeah sure, there are serious problems in this world, but when have there not been big problems?\n\n It reminds me of the last ending slides for Fallout: New Vegas. “In the new world of the Mojave Wasteland, fighting continued, blood was spilled, and many lived and died - just as they had in the Old World. Because war, war never changes.”')
('Centrist', "Go outside, not just for you, but it'll make me feel better.")
('Left', 'Based and Too much free time pilled')
('Centrist', 'Finally, PCM an odyssey.')
('Centrist', 'Bro this is a world building project not a political compass. Dope as hell tho.')
('Centrist', 'High effort but go outside')
('Libertarian Right', 'Imagine importing problems.')
('Centrist', 'Good ol Caliphate of Stockholm')
('Libertarian Right', 'Now do it with an American city...')
('Libertarian Left', "I don't get it at all can somebody explain?")
('Right', 'whats wrong with shootings without a victim? that just sounds like a good time')
('Right', 'That’s a lot of teal.')
('Libertarian Left', "Femboy UN wasn't on my bingo card")
('Authoritarian Right', 'AuthRight infighting is another beast')
('Libertarian Left', 'This is cultural imperialism')
('Centrist', 'If I had a nickel for each time I saw a pcm simping for some globoneocringe shit this week, I’d have 2 nickels. Which isn’t a lot, but it’s weird that it’s happened twice.')
('Libertarian Left', 'that sure worked in afghanistan')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Liberals are imperialist now ayo 😳😳😳')
('Libertarian Right', 'Forcing your values onto others by force is cringe, whether it’s on a personal level or an international level.')
('Authoritarian Right', "Now they're doing it to the west, and if we say anything we're racist..")
('Libertarian Right', 'OP is cringe')
('Right', 'Silly Westoids, all major Companies have fallen to the Asians….soon Agent Tulsi will get us the American Nuclear codes and Rishi Sunak will betray the Anglos as Europe will fall to the African and Muslims.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I’d be cold in the ground before I recognize the “superiority” of the English culture.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'silence anglo you dont even use bidets or have good food or a good language so yeah your culture sucks')
('Libertarian Right', 'The annoying thing is when the westerners in the 21st century show up to your country and get mad at you for doing the exact shit that their ancestors told you to do to be more civilized when they forced open your borders in the late 1800’s')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based and when men burn women alive we hang them pilled.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'This is some giga cringe, is this the quality the sub is pumping out now? Could’ve sworn I’ve seen some other globalist shit like this earlier this week')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Fuck all of them, especially the Brits they killed my family and put them in concentration camps.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Women should not be brunt in pyre for "witchcraft"')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Women should not be allowed to commit sati.')
('Left', "This is why I hate the modern west. They're degenerate warmongers that won't stop until we're all drinking Soylent with a big. They will destroy all the beautiful cultures in this world that makes us all unique so that we would become cultureless and familess cattle.")
('Right', 'Fun fact. The importation of Christianity into India has greatly helped breakdown the caste system brought on by Hinduism.')
('Right', 'What does it mean ?')
('Centrist', 'well, you see, skill issue')
('Centrist', 'Pink-Cap Pan-Western Neo-Imperialism sounds like an awesome model for the future!')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Works great in Sweden.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'When Soviets invade Afghanistan to spread communism:   \n\n\nWhen Americans invade Afghanistan to spread democracy:')
('Libertarian Right', 'UN being a Femboy is accurate seeing their military record')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Femboy UN security forces are blessed')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I was the perfect 400 hundred upvoter')
('Libertarian Left', 'Liberalism for the win')
('Authoritarian Right', 'A pro imperialist post?!?!?!?!?!   \nCan, can I come out of hiding and admit that I support colonialism?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based and imperialism-did-nothing-wrong pilled')
('Libertarian Left', 'That guy looks like an average anarchist')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Imagine not getting rawdogged by the state libs these days smh my head')
('Centrist', "Oh, you're a statist? Then solve every single problem in the world right now. Oh, you can't? Checkmate, utopian.")
('Libertarian Right', 'The strongest critique of anarchism is a description of the status quo.')
('Right', "just spin a big ol web, it'll work this time")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Corporations controlling people 🤢🤢🤢🤮🤮🤮\n\nGovernment controlling people 😎😎😎👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼')
('Libertarian Left', 'We live in a control society')
('Libertarian Right', 'Rocket man bad, alphabet agencies good  \n\nSimple as')
('Right', "Ah, but that was my team's fascism and it was directed at people I don't like.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Left gets triggered because they get proof they’re manipulated 😂')
('Libertarian Right', 'Give them an inch and they go full Beria')
('Libertarian Left', "Yeah so just from what's already been released there's more than enough to show that twitter (and other social media) was censoring at the direction of the government. There is more than enough to make the argument that Twitter was behaving as a state actor at the time and likely violated people's civil liberties with their removal.\n\nIt blows my mind that this isn't something everyone is yelling about. We've literally finally been given the proof we were told could not possibly exist and half of the world pretends to not be able to see it like one of the extras from Westworld. \n\nNot only was there censorship of political opinions and journalist, protected speech from top to bottom, but they also allowed pharma corps to direct the censorship of doctors who said true things about this covid non-vaccine.\n\nIt is beyond insanity that so many people just buried their empty heads in the sand and carried on with their lives. This system of one political party controlling the narrative across all social media and legacy corporate media with censorship as a tool is just wildly dangerous.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Leftists- bash the fash!!!\n\nAlso leftists- nooooooo, not the big tech or pharmaceutical companies, they love us!!! \n\nWtf happened to the occupy movement leftists')
('Centrist', 'I don’t trust the government nor corporations. Both are sketchy')
('Libertarian Right', "It's only fascism if it's against your world view")
('Right', 'Where did the phrase “nothingburger” come from anyway? It sounds weird.')
('Centrist', "Also remember kids, if it's information that doesn't confirm my biases, it's a nothing burger.")
('Centrist', '"It\'s only fascism if YOU\'RE doing it sweaty"')
('Libertarian Right', 'If you want to know what fascism is, look at how differently FBI & the media handled the classified documents both Trump and Biden had.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Anyone else remember when the very first "twitter files" thread said that the trump white house was getting Twitter to censor things and it was totally ignored by everyone?')
('Libertarian Right', "it's not censorship if the left likes it.")
('Libertarian Right', 'What’s bizarre to me is how often the response to the Twitter Files is the word/phrase: “nothingburger.” I can’t think of one time I heard someone say that in real life but it’s constantly stated by leftists online. Almost as though they are actually NPCs…')
('Libertarian Right', "It's (D)ifferent.\n\nDoesn't get old watching these morons explain how tech companies and the Biden admin working together to censor people isn't fascism, though.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'Wow, the government and corporations work together to screw us over, who knew?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Hot take but can we stop calling people communists/fascists/nazis just because we don’t like them? Overusing terms like this makes it much harder to distinguish the real ones.')
('Libertarian Right', "Most people who call people fascists don't know fascist economic policy.")
('Libertarian Left', "I tried to pay attention to the twitter files, but they opened up with hours of slowly trickling out lists of censored tweets that were just links to Hunter Biden's cock, which turned me off pretty fast.\n\nI have trouble believing that there's much more to it if the journalist that they brought in specifically to curate the materials in a way that would make the old regime look bad decided to begin their presentation up with this flurry of removals that were entirely reasonable.")
('Centrist', 'Everybody already knew that intelligence agencies were working with social media companies. Truly a nothing burger')
('Left', 'Elon musk selectively releasing files to Tabbi \n\nCenter right: tHiS iS rEaL jOuRnAlIsM')
('Left', 'I was expecting deep state conspiracy level revelations but all I got were big reveals that literally all of us expected to be the case and almost none of it is technically illegal. 💀')
('Authoritarian Left', 'It\'s not that it\'s a "nothing burger" that Twitter is in bed with the alphabet agencies, but it\'s something we\'ve kinda known about for a while. Maybe it wasn\'t explicitly said, sure, but remember Snowden and his leaks? The US government does a whole bunch of fucky shit regardless of whether it\'s the Dems or Republicans in power, it\'s nothing particularly new or surprising in any way. \n\n\nAt the same time, I think fears of an all-encompassing police state budding out of the alphabet agencies are overblown. Extremism is still a thing that exists in the US, and it\'s not particularly cracked down on either. Nor are any particular right- or left-wing internet spaces attacked directly by the government, which is pretty evident from just this sub, actually.')
('Libertarian Left', 'the twitter files didn’t expose anything illegal and were so boring')
('Left', 'Once again, to real leftists it is a nothingburger not because it isn’t bad, but because we already knew they were doing it.')
('Libertarian Left', "that's a semi-illiterate meme. Fascism's a right winged Auth crap, Auth Left is just as horrible, but it isn't called Fascism")
('Left', 'Is that really fascism though? \n\nMight be considered authoritarianism, but not all authoritarians are fascists.')
('Left', "Intelligence agencies asking twitter to pwetty pwease enforce its TOS in ways that they've stated they're doing publicly from the very beginning.\n\nYeah, that is nothing.\n\nY'all are desperate to believe that leftists love the FBI or whatever, and it's just plain silly. We know they're evil. This isn't why.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Fascism has been on the rise since Mussolini. Nothing has changed.')
('Centrist', 'Source from  [The Intercept] (https://theintercept.com/2022/10/31/social-media-disinformation-dhs/)')
('Left', 'Wish people would take this more seriously.')
('Right', 'Better than musk deciding what we see..')
('Centrist', "...not what the Twitter files showed.\n\nThat's what the propagandists at Twitter wanted you to see, but not what was shown.")
('Centrist', 'Twitter files only shows government requests for further review, not a smoking gun of collusion, and that’s from someone with access to everything')
('Left', "Elon's algorithm is promoting fascism.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Big tech is curating what I see and this is the bullshit they chose for me?')
('Centrist', 'Humor on PCM, who would have thought')
('Authoritarian Right', 'How will I trample protestors now?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'This has to be the most cancer meme template I’ve ever witnessed in all my years of memeing.\n\nThank God I’m alive.')
('Right', 'Whats this anti-horse propaganda? You are jelous of thier dicks?')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Dark')
('Right', 'What absolute monster would abort a horse?! They can be made into tasty sausages. Aborting them is such a waste.')
('Right', 'Why does this horse have eyelashes done?')
('Centrist', 'Horse must be sad he never got turned into a glue stick')
('Libertarian Left', 'Damn this was actually funny  \n\n\nAre you sick or something OP ?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wow this glue sure is sticky')
('Libertarian Right', 'I don’t have anything clever to add, this might be my favorite PCM post ever.')
('Right', 'Horses are a close relative of the spider family. They hide their thorax and extra limbs, if you look at them in the correct spectrum however you can see all 8 legs and the venom dripping fangs. Never turn your back upon a horse for they will trap you in a web to consume you later.')
('Right', 'here have some delicious hay')
('Right', 'NOOO NOT GLITTERHOOF!')
('Libertarian Right', 'Profit is usally the best way to put it, but the more accurate way would be self satisfaction. By that logic, literally every piece of entertainment ever would not be profitable')
('Centrist', "Mods & Wiki editors don't look like that.")
('Libertarian Right', 'When all of librights needs/dreams are met, he is usually the first to be a volunteer.\n\nThat or when the government lets me write it off my taxes again.')
('Centrist', "I'm going to try and be a volunteer EMS one of these days, just too little free time")
('Libertarian Right', 'Unfortunately, Wikipedia editors are completely biased nowadays')
('Libertarian Right', 'Volunteering to do things you enjoy maybe. Idk if anyone is going to volunteer to be a plumber or a grocery store stocker')
('Centrist', "Wikipedia editors can get fucked. Not all are bad I'm sure but a good amount of them have a power complex as well as having an insane level of bias.")
('Right', 'Did you seriously just equate a firefighter with a Wikipedia editor?')
('Libertarian Right', "Bruh.\n\nLibright is all about that voluntary free shit.\n\nIt's when you steal my money to pay for your shit that we get mad")
('Libertarian Right', 'The whole point of the lib right quadrant is that everything should be on a volunteer basis, you silly billy')
('Libertarian Right', 'They don’t do it just because, they do it because they enjoy the feeling of helping others. That’s their incentive.')
('Right', '\\*unless it is a R\\*ddit mod, then it is cringe.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Self interested, not selfish.')
('Libertarian Right', "I don't know what you depict a wiki editor as but it sure as fuck isn't a chad.")
('Right', 'Have you SEEN the quality of Wikipedia nowadays? How they agree on what counts as a "reputable source"? Hell the article on the January 6th unscheduled capitol visit is *bigger than the one on the Holocaust* that is how deranged they are.')
('Left', "The main reason so much junk science gets churned out these days is because it is produced out of selfish greed by people who need publications on their resumes to get/keep jobs, and don't actually care much about the science or aren't particularly talented at it.  Many fields would do better with 1/10th the scientists and publications, with only passionate and skilled people who would do it for free because they love it ever publishing.")
('Right', ">Wikipedia editors\n\nAh, look everyone, the Ogre thinks Wikipedia is an unbiased source of information! Hahahaha!\n\nSo, yes Wikipedia is a decent summary, usually, and it does usually nicely link to its sources. But that can be twisted because 1) all y'all that *think* 'yes, today I will read the article sources' basically never do, and 2) there is a possibility of misinformation by neglecting information. \n\nIf you simply don't source something you don't like, and thus never mention it, and its a controversial enough topic that the Wikilords lock the page, and only those that are approved editors can change things, misinformation can be spread for a loong time on Wikipedia, doubly so if the 'misinformation' aligns with the approved editor staffs beliefs. \n\nI'll end by saying, for a very quick overview its a good tool. But open source scientific article journals, and diligent use of multiple search engines to uncover multiple viewpoints is way way better than reading thirteen Wikipedia pages on, say, Egyptian history and then pretend you know any great deal of the subject.")
('Libertarian Left', "Service is great.   Do you fare share.  I do. Of course it's selfish because you do it to feel good about yourself at best, or your own selfish reasons ar worst.")
('Left', '*Wikipedia editors editing the volunteerism page to include themselves as examples*')
('Centrist', "Modders and FOSS programmers don't really fit in here because their projects serve to enlarge their portfolio so they can get hired.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Average volunteer firefighter fan vs average Crassus private fire brigade enjoyer')
('Libertarian Right', "librights don't have a problem with volunteerism")
('Libertarian Right', 'Actually, libright would love some free labor.')
('Libertarian Right', 'If your argument includes "we should all be more like the mods" I don\'t know how to help you')
('Centrist', "Eh, a lot of wiki volunteers do-so they can push their preferred narrative, it's not exactly altruistic.")
('Libertarian Right', "Profit isn't the only motivator, that is the founding principle of libertarianism. Something has to replace government - the human spirit of charity.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Voluntarism is also based, and the only governance derived from consent.')
('Right', "Ok but who's paving roads for free?")
('Right', "Some villages run a lot of things voluntarily, but most of the time is because they don't have a choice.\n\nYes you can run an economic system based on a satisfaction incentive, but it will most likely be shitty and lack important services. \n\nAnd what if there's a fire and only a few firefighters are willing to go for free? What if there's only two editors for your online encyclopedia resulting in false things because there's no paid admins?")
('Centrist', 'except when paid mods are thrown into the equasion.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I just feel good when I volunteer but whatevs')
('Right', 'Volunteer firefighters, FOSS programmers, wikipedia editors and mods 🤢. Are all outliers and building a scoeity with volunteers thinking that all people will behave like the outliers is primitive thinking.')
('Right', 'Self-satisfaction though.')
('Libertarian Right', "Profit motive is how you get people to do things they don't WANT to do. Good luck finding a volunteer septic truck driver.\n\nAlso, Wikipedia editors are there to push a narrative and volunteer firefighters get infinite pussy just for having the hat. There's DEFINITE profit motive at play for those two, it just isn't immediately monetary.")
('Libertarian Left', 'I mean I agree but most of the volunteer firefighters I know are doing it to build their resume so they can get hired by a career department.')
('Right', 'firefighters want adrenaline\n\nthe rest just wants a false feeling of power changing and moderating things')
('Centrist', "People are naturally selfish and greedy but not all incentives are immediately financially beneficial.\n\nVolunteering tends to expand your networking beyond your 9-5 wage cage while also serving as a verifiable means for a potential employer to see what kind of person you are when not in the office.\n\nTake two equally qualified candidates. One is a volunteer lifeguard and maintains first aid/CPR certifications, the other doesn't. Why wouldn't the employer take the person who has added value and can be used as a PR fluff piece about how X Company employees give back to the community?")
('Libertarian Right', "So you assume LibLeft is the only quadrant that volunteers... sus... LibRight literally worships volunteerism so I guess I don't see what point you're trying to make... The fact that you think LibRight is purely motivated by profit is projection. Profit is good, but only corpo neo-liberal shills are purely motivated by profit. We believe in entrepreneurship and self-realization and more importantly not bitching about being a loser without doing anything about it...")
('Libertarian Left', 'I like editing Wikipedia. Its honestly quite fun. Especially taking a bare page and making it full. Its really cool to see the before/after.')
('Right', 'you better not be including internet jannies in that picture, son')
('Libertarian Left', 'Wikipedia editors, game modders, soup kitchen workers, volunteering to work in hospitals, to work to help animals and the environment, tutoring a child, aiding a religious place of worship.\n\nNo matter how bad it gets there’s always be people who do good, not for themselves but for the community around them and it just makes the world a little bit better to be in.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I will be willing to abandon the profit incentive when one of two things happens:\n\n1. Farmers start working for free like these guys do\n2. People learn how to eat Wikipedia articles.')
('Centrist', 'There’s a difference between a volunteer programmer and a voluntold coal miner')
('Libertarian Right', 'Volunteerism is literally a libright thing wtf do you mean lmao')
('Authoritarian Right', 'They do it for power and control.  Humans crave power; money is just one form of that "greed."')
('Authoritarian Right', "I do agree with you that they're awesome but running society and the Economy on a voluntary basis is just not gonna work. We'll have a billion mods and 3 cleaners.\n\nBut who knows maybe a way of making sure voluntarism can have its place within the larger market Economy is more ideal.")
('Libertarian Right', '*Voluntarism')
('Libertarian Right', '…yet in the end, all of these so-called Chads work in fields that have continuous “fundraisers” which beg and shame people to contribute the resources they need to pursue their goals of service.  If something is worth doing or having, people are willing to pay for the service.   Is there a better scam than the Carol Baskin “Tiger rescue charity” business models?  So many selfless volunteers!')
('Authoritarian Right', 'How many firefighters are arrested for arson? Look up that number')
('Libertarian Right', 'Incentives is not money only, it also can be what we call Utility in economics.\n\nThe marginal utility of doing a good action is always greater that the marginal cost of that action. Therefore, the incentive to carry such act even if there is no monetary incentive behind.\n\nLibRight is not about money, is about human action, what describes it best is the Austrian School of Economics.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Typical misunderstanding of libertarians.')
('Centrist', 'Some words are so over-used that they tend to lose their meaning.  Please understand that when I say that any person who believes that reddit mods and volunteer firefighters belong in the same category is delusional.  And I mean delusional in the classic, clinical sense.  I cannot even imagine how your mind included them.')
('Right', "FOSS programmers often abandon their projects which sucks when it's an interesting one, and Wikipedia always needs money, and modders aren't exactly heroes, but hats off to the volunteer firefighters!")
('Libertarian Right', 'Volunteer firefighters are trash')
('Right', 'Can we give the PCM jannies a raise?')
('Right', 'Profit can be many things. \n\nModders usually do it for themselves.\n\nVolunteer Firefighters may do it for self satisfaction.\n\nAnyone I’ve ever known to edit Wikipedia articles has always had some sort of “I know more than most people and I have to prove it” syndrome.\n\nI cannot speak for FOSS programmers, but I know that most do it to refine their skills. \n\nProfit can be a lot of things, but rarely do people not do it for a purpose')
('Libertarian Right', 'Profit is a way of bridging the gap for people who have the talent but not the motivation for a specific pursuit. Trying to rely on passion alone means a society that does fuck all.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Profit =/= Money')
('Left', "Basic human experience incompatible with dogmatic economic reasoning? Couldn't be!")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Uh... Mods')
('Authoritarian Left', "This byside, I hate people that think it can only be between money OR own incentive. Yes, I know there are jobs out there that just suck, but you can't deny that there's more jobs that are actually enjoyable even if they don't bring in a lot of money than most people think")
('Right', 'I saw\n\n>modders\n\nand for a split second I thought you were talking about Internet jannies.')
('Libertarian Right', 'counter-argument: Modaraters (They do it for free)')
('Centrist', 'jannies? based? i think the fuck not')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Mods based?  Rare.')
('Centrist', 'No one makes that argument though')
('Right', 'Christian community do be like that')
('Centrist', 'There should be perfectly round person bigger than everyone else discord/reddit mod.')
('Libertarian Right', 'As a libright, yes volunteerism is amazing')
('Libertarian Right', '>in the corner meme\n\n"none of these plebs understand the nature of the subjective theory of value and how this perfectly explains this volunteerist behavior"')
('Libertarian Right', 'Cringe. Wiki editors lol')
('Centrist', 'Volunteerism is gigabased, voluntaryism is gigacringe.')
('Right', "I've tried to get into volunteer firefighting, but all the volunteer departments so far are full in my City. Just wanted to to get some experience for policing or firefighting.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Volunteer firefighters are the only chads here, tbh.')
('Left', 'Based LibLeft')
('Libertarian Left', "People literally can't do anything without their basic needs being met!!!")
('Libertarian Right', "FOSS programming is Lib-Right, it's all about freedom and personal responsibility")
('Libertarian Right', "Volunteering means less need for government interference so I'm pro volunteering.")
('Libertarian Right', 'A smaller percentage of the world population are like this but relying on most humans to be like this leads to disaster.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Technically speaking, volunteerism as political ideology is part of LibRight sector\n\nhttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voluntaryism')
('Libertarian Right', 'If you consider the motive for selfless people to be "satisfaction", it makes sense that 3/4 of the jobs on this list are web based. It\'s a lot easier for selfless people to benefit a large number of people when the value they produce is duplicated basically for free.')
('Libertarian Right', "Sure, as long as society (more likely: your parents, your spouse or your daytime job) feeds you, provides you with a decent shelter and provides you with warmth and electric energy, you can easily have fun doing your hobby. Providing benefits to others is nice, but it's not the reason people are doing this. It's about endorphins.\n\nThat's not new btw. Don't forget about volunteers in soup kitchens for example.")
('Right', 'Volunteer reddit mods check in')
('Libertarian Right', 'They can only do that due to the excessive wealth creared by capitalism. But i see your point')
('Libertarian Right', 'Leftists when they find out that people can want something besides money: 😱😱😱')
('Libertarian Right', 'Libright’s whole ideology is that people should do things willingly 🤡')
('Libertarian Right', 'libright is when greedy, i am very smart\n\nwait till you hear of the term "voluntaryism"')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wiki editors do no service to society, self interest and greed comes in many forms.')
('Libertarian Right', "Tbh I just pirate Photoshop because this shit is overpriced to hell and back even if it's incredibly useful and far less annoying than Gimp.")
('Centrist', "im confused. GIMP is nothing new, at all. It's a Linux Program, free and open source. it's been around for a long time. It is an excellent photo editor. There is also Krita, which is more digital art creation than editing. And while we're at it, If you're still using Windows in this day in age, you should look into Linux...")
('Libertarian Right', 'Everybody hates adobe')
('Authoritarian Left', "Uh... that ''stylish text'' is really not that difficult to achieve in GIMP with layer selecting. Wouldn't take more than a couple of minutes.")
('Libertarian Right', 'These look like hunting rifles. Is he blessing them for a good hunting season?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Literally the Polish armed forces before a fight. Based')
('Libertarian Left', 'Are they going vampire hunting?')
('Centrist', 'fucking based battle bishop')
('Libertarian Right', '🟦🤝🟨')
('Right', 'Based and bless everything pilled')
('Authoritarian Right', 'The Omnissiah demands that the machine spirits be tended to')
('Libertarian Right', 'Amen')
('Right', 'Call of Duty Spiritual Warfare leak')
('Authoritarian Right', 'In the name of John Moses Browning, and of Hiram Maxim, and of Smith & Wesson')
('Authoritarian Right', "I mean, it is pretty common here to dedicate huge purchases like cars ND houses, so I guess it isn't necessarily too weird.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Blessed be the piece makers')
('Centrist', '+20% Accuracy\n\n+15 Armor penetration')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Need that extra AP to punch through Space Marine Dreadnoughts')
('Libertarian Right', 'God bless America.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Yes. My quadrant based other quadrants cringe.')
('Right', 'Least self-satisfied LibRight.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Least common libright w 🙏🙏\U0001fae1\U0001fae1🗿🗿👍🗿💪💯💯🟨🟨')
('Left', 'Libright tries not to be arrogant challenge (impossible).')
('Centrist', 'libright yet again pretending they are any sort of threat to the established order')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Dies of cringe')
('Left', 'Least circlejerking libright post')
('Centrist', "I'm actually currently in the middle of the King in Yellow. How the hell can someone imbue paper and ink with pure despair?")
('Left', '*this kills the seal*')
('Libertarian Right', '"Oh! I\'m shaking In my custom baby seal leather boots!"\n\n\\-Megamind')
('Libertarian Left', 'But why baby seals? Wouldn’t it make more sense to kill adult seals since they have more fur and meat? \n\nBut maybe i am wrong, you might have guessed it but i don’t know shit about seal hunting')
('Libertarian Right', 'Ah yes, the Canadian highschool baby seal club. Right next to the M.A.I.D cafe.')
('Left', 'Not quite a "club", it\'s more like a hammer:\n\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hakapik\n\nEDIT: actually, the majority of seals are shot:\n\nhttps://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/newfoundland-labrador/ban-hakapiks-at-seal-hunt-premiers-tell-ottawa-1.739604')
('Libertarian Right', 'I feel bad for Canadian librights. Having there guns revoked, and being sent to “reeducation” camps')
('Libertarian Right', "No one would give a shit about seals if they looked like alligators.\n\nIt's why people get upset when a squirrel gets caught in a rat trap, despite them literally just being rats with fluffy tails.")
('Libertarian Right', 'A baby seal walks into a bar.  The bartender asks "What can I get you?"\n\nThe baby seal says "Anything as long as it\'s not a Canadian Club".')
('Libertarian Right', 'The only confirmation I ever saw of this happening was a famous green environmental group literally clubbing seals to make a propaganda video.')
('Centrist', "Treaty rights. It's pretty much untouchable by the non natives because of that 🤷🏻\u200d♂️")
('Authoritarian Left', "Yes, but why would you club a **baby** seal? He's just a baby")
('Centrist', 'Just don’t club Nanook’s favorite seal or you will get some deadly yellow snow crystals rubbed in your eye')
('Libertarian Right', '"No why would you club a baby seal?"\n\n"Cuz it\'s easy.  And it does a lot of damage."')
('Right', 'They care more about baby seals than baby humans. It’s not killing a baby seal, it’s a post-term abortion. Stop being sexist libleft.')
('Libertarian Left', 'SpongeBob taught me that flipping burgers is the greatest joy in life')
('Right', "I LOVED this movie simply because it portrayed how fucking pretentious and uppity the fine-dining industry is. \n\nI know they are closed but look at Noma's New Nordic cuisine.")
('Centrist', 'I thought this was another star-studded movie with a bad script and plot when my significant other wanted to watch it. Ended up being really entertained and enjoyed it a lot, would recommend.')
('Centrist', 'Very good movie, highly recommend.')
('Libertarian Right', "For most lib rights, they work at Wendy's to give actual traders their money.")
('Libertarian Left', "It was surprisingly fun, but one of those movies that gets really dumb the more you think about the plot. The themes were fun to explore though. For a dark comedy, I really wish it were more gruesome. The ending felt really uninspired.\n\nI'd still let Anya Taylor-Joy wrap a telephone chord around my neck and choke me out for my life savings.")
('Centrist', 'also the main chef from the movie is from slovakia. immediately auth right')
('Libertarian Right', 'That’s right bitches immunity to fire')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Honestly Putin might have been a good thing his brain dead war might actually lead to the final death of the r#ssian state which is long overdue')
('Right', "Whichever side of the pro-life/pro choice argument you are on, this meme format is one of the only genuinely funny things I've seen ever since I've joined this hellscape of a sub and been inadvertedly glued to it, lmao")
('Libertarian Right', "Putin should've been aborted")
('Authoritarian Left', 'redditors obsess over putin for the 983 octillionth time: the post.')
('Libertarian Right', '"random war out of nowhere"')
('Authoritarian Right', 'The Perfect Dictator..... couldnt exist... ):')
('Right', '"Justice delivered without dispassion is always in danger of not being justice."')
('Libertarian Right', "Wasn't the opposite?")
('Right', 'Ah yes, Auth-Left, well know for their... fair trials of political opponents and lenient policies towards the bourgeoisie and right-wingers ?')
('Right', 'You can re-educate the oligarchy and monarchy today! Only $12.89 a month!\nGet your social revolutions here! Buy one coup get one mass starvation free!')
('Right', 'The tsar and tsarina, okay that could be fine but the entire fucking family, and the servants? and they mutilated the bodies of all of them like what the fuck? Oh and the empress and oldest daughter died trying to bless themselves and Nicolas was shot asking what, probably because of his family also being sentenced when they had been previously told that only he would die when the civil war died down. The children initially survived because of diamonds hidden in their clothes, but the intoxicated guards tried to use their bayonets on them, and when that failed, for lack of a better term, mag dumped them with side arms. Oh and when burying them, they molested the bodies of the tsarina and oldest daughter. The one man in the execution who wasn’t drunk off his ass or trying to loot the diamonds hidden in their clothes was the commander who ordered the whole thing. He had to threaten to kill his own men more than once to stop them from looting. They dissolved the bodies with acid more than once, beat them with their rifles and detonated grenades on them. Oh and one of the sisters and Alexi where chosen to be buried apart from the family, only after they burnt the bodies and smashed the bones. They did it hastily so there was a trail of belt buckles, buttons and missed gemstones following the paths of their bodies.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Libleft try not to celebrate unjust murder of children 5 minute challange (impossible)')
('Libertarian Right', 'Bro yall literally murdered his entire family including his wife and kids. Killing tyrants is based but leave kids alone smh.')
('Libertarian Right', '“Me kill tirant”\nMy brother in Christ the authlefts you’re siding with are about to become (arguably, don’t know enough Russian history) bigger tyrants.\n\nThis is why lib Unity is better than left/right Unity.')
('Left', "The execution of the Romanovs was worse than a crime; it was a mistake. \n\nThe reactionary forces in Russia at the time were not going to stop for lack of a clear successor to the monarchy, and the Romanov name was pretty deeply damaged by that point--hence the revolution. Having some kid in a foreign country or even in the custody of the Whites likely wouldn't have changed anything; indeed, it might have even weakened the anti-Red faction by defining exactly what the alternative was.")
('Centrist', 'You kill hundreds, you get killed. Wanna be "reeducated"? Should a reeducated your subjects bucko.')
('Centrist', "So called 'sane, functioning human beings' when I educate them on how raping and murdering children is okay because they were born rich: 🤬😡😤😤😡")
('Libertarian Left', 'We do a little trolling')
('Libertarian Left', 'Death by clubbing is a fate that tyrants and partygoers go through')
('Centrist', "Seems like, if you don't want the peasants to rise up and wipe your bloodline off the map, you have to treat them better.\n\nThey should've learned this lesson from the French. Oh well.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'Most sane lib left')
('Left', 'right : no murder children bad\nAlso right: starving children happens because poor people deserve it if they don’t work, \nAuthoritarian left: isn’t that our line? \nRight: shut up cOMmIE\nLibertarians: this is why government \nCentrist: we can all starve a few children as a treat \nLib left: this is why I do drugs.')
('Libertarian Left', "It's simple facts that the rule of law protects criminals alot of the time. It makes one wonder what exactly is gonna happen to criminals in more libertarian societies.")
('Libertarian Left', 'It’s the other way but ok')
('Left', 'I prefer neither because they are severly overpriced in my country. Like they cost 50% than other brands for some reason')
('Libertarian Left', 'One is owned by Unilever and the other by Nestlé so ill just eat neither :/')
('Libertarian Right', 'I\'ll let you in on my little secret ice cream brand. 7-11 store brand.   Now I know what you\'re thinking "that\'s gotta be processed airated crap"  \nWell there\'s fda regulations on what can be called ice cream, and despite them branding it as "go-yum" they have the words ice cream printed on the package in like 12 point black sans serif font, it\'s the weirdest thing. Apparently those regulations may be double edged, just as you can\'t pretend to be ice cream when not, you can\'t pretend it\'s not ice cream when it is.\n\nAnd it\'s delicious.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Store brand supremacy')
('Right', 'No supermarket ice cream beats the Häagen-Dazs macadamia nut brittle')
('Libertarian Right', 'No Blue Bell? What a disappointment.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I mean Ben and Jerry’s is fucking cringe. And not like they’re doing anything about the workers that get paid Pennie’s to pick their vanilla beans')
('Centrist', 'Tillamook is clearly the better option. Put that mudslide right into my veins.')
('Centrist', 'Blue bell is the only way to go')
('Centrist', "They're both overpriced shit. Buy local produced icecream.")
('Centrist', 'Local ice cream parlor is supreme.  Support local and not big companies')
('Libertarian Right', 'Idk, Ben and Jerry’s is good but they did lose me with their “Trans Youth” billboard. I can overlook a lot of political shit, but not when they’re forcing something like that on me')
('Libertarian Right', 'They’re both overpriced and carried by name brand recognition.  Generic supermarket brands are cheaper and taste the same')
('Left', 'Im actually somewhat of an expert on this particular issue. You see, by chance of my birth, i have always had access to the highest quality dairy products. My hometown had a local tourist spot that was just a place to buy milk. But it was no ordinary milk, it was world renowned milk. And naturally that translated into world renowned ice cream. 2 scoops of that ice cream and you were in a 6 hour food coma GAUREN-FUCKING-TEED or your money back. Big chain stores get on their knees and suck dick just to get a chance at a phone call with the owners of the dairy store and possibly secure a single shipment for them to sell. \n\nBut like all kids, eventually it was time for me to make my own way, so i set off to college, leaving a tear behind for the drop in dairy quality I anticipated.\n\nCome to find out my university was founded for agriculture and, within campus limits, sold non-fda approved dairy. Librights, hear me now: the fda does NOT want you to know just how good ice cream can be. When you go past the theoretical fda limits on fat content, well lets just say there was no downgrade in dairy quality in my life. That 6 hour food coma turned to an 8 hour food coma. I could barely make the walk back to my dorm before the nap kicked in. \n\nSo yes, im a dairy expert. I could never consume peasant dairy available at normal stores. Fighting over store ice cream is what the ruling class wants. They want you to think thats what ice cream is, and they dont want you to know what ice cream can be.')
('Libertarian Left', "I like having my Ben and Jerry's ice cream with Black Rifle coffee.")
('Centrist', 'The yearn for tribalism is too strong in people.')
('Right', 'If they list their politics as a reason why I should buy from them, it would stand to reason that those same politics would be a reason *not* to buy from them.')
('Right', 'The true patrician is Turkey Hill, obviously 😎')
('Centrist', "ben and jerry is just not nearly as good as people say, I'd rather eat coaticook or haagen daaz")
('Centrist', 'Based. If I want like cookie dough or some whacky flavor I’ll go Ben and Jerrys. If I want just like a strawberry ice cream, Haagen Daaz all day. To me they fit different needs and aren’t really direct competitors')
('Authoritarian Right', "I eat neither because they're both fucking expensive for the size. \n\nI eat Kemps for quality classic flavors in reasonably sized cartons at a reasonable price. Sometimes I even eat the store brand if I really just want quantity.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'alrighty so couple points here\n\n1. jesus fuck why do people need to make everything some political battle\n2. what did the ice cream do that is suddenly a political issue?\n3. i just want to eat ice cream man, like fuck all, I just want to be able to do thing without some shit lord shrieking about it.')
('Centrist', 'Local independent ice creamery')
('Centrist', 'ICE CREAM IS ICE CREAM')
('Centrist', 'Eating ice cream during winter')
('Right', 'My local ice cream shop blows both out of the water and is cheaper.Right around $1.45/pint, and in the last 15 years the price has only risen by 10 cents.')
('Libertarian Right', "Be me\n\nCan't afford bougie ass name brand ice cream\n\nDon't eat ice cream anyway because it's empty calories")
('Authoritarian Right', "I'm an AuthRight as well as a Ben and Jerry's enjoyer. I'm a complicated man and nobody understands me but my woman.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'The best one is the Cheap Store Brand knock-off that tastes exactly like either one of them')
('Right', 'Look at Haagen Daz ingredients vs Ben and Jerry’s ingredients. It’s a no brainer for me.')
('Centrist', 'I’m a blue bunny guy')
('Centrist', 'Local ice cream shops are 100x better than either.')
('Centrist', 'Meanwhile Blue Bell is better than both')
('Centrist', "One of you guys turned me on to Tillamook after the last time someone posted a similar low effort meme.\n\nI don't know or care for their politics, but I gotta say, it's better than both brands.")
('Libertarian Right', 'So ice cream is literally one of my favorite things in the world.  I obviously have my favorites, but I am in no way brand-loyal.  Any ice cream can be good; I don’t discriminate.  But it was with great sadness that I finally had to be done with Ben and Jerry’s (RIP Phish Food, my love) a couple years ago.  I don’t generally bother with boycotting because I think it has little to no effect when done on an individual level, and almost never accomplishes the actual goal anyway.  But I didn’t feel right about spending my own money on B&J’s anymore, so I stopped.\n\nNow, I’ve lived my whole life in a *very* left-leaning area.  Unfortunately I also live in an area with a LOT of delicious local ice cream shops.  Even more unfortunate is that I have yet to find local ice cream that is not *overtly* left-leaning.  So I ignore a lot of things.  I ignore the pride flags.  I ignore the irksome progress pride flags.  I avoid June when one local shop supports drag queen story hour.  I struggle sometimes with how squiggly my proverbial line in the sand seems.  But also I feel that life is too short to not enjoy ice cream, so squiggly it remains.\n\nTillamook is good, and not (as far as I know) morally ambiguous.  Never a bad choice.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Why did you write Häagen-Dazs in two different ways and misspell both?')
('Left', "Motta, Carte d'or and Sammontana obviously")
('Libertarian Left', "btw I prefer Ben & Jerry's to be honest")
('Libertarian Right', 'Haagen Daz is very Nazish')
('Right', "If you don't eat Ben and Jerry's you are a fascist")
('Libertarian Right', 'Reject name brands, embrace making your own ice cream at home.')
('Libertarian Right', "I'm back to shill Tillamook frozen custard again. It's far superior to both brands.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Turkey Hill for life')
('Left', "B&Js has vegan versions of many of its flavors, which I appreciate, but it's simply too expensive.\n\nNever tried HD.")
('Right', "Well's blue bunny")
('Libertarian Right', 'i truly believe that in the near future, we will go from "product advertisement to "advertisement product", where when you buy one product it has ads for another.\n\nFor example, you buy some mac and cheese. it will also have some 2A talking points on it. Or you buy some beer and there is a passage on BLM.')
('Left', 'Brownie Batter Core gang rise up')
('Right', 'Meijer vanilla ice cream drowned in Meijer chocolate syrup. Done. Nothing else needed.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I’ve never actually had Ben & Jerry’s before. I was asking my friends about their opinion on whether it justifies the $5.49 price. I was kind of intimidated from buying it because it had a laughing Jimmy Fallon on the front.')
('Right', 'consoom ice cream')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Fools. Blue Bell is clearly the superior ice cream.')
('Libertarian Right', 'One of those with 100g in my country is like 15$')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Hand made ice cream is the true centrist of the icecream compass')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Oberweis chads rise up')
('Right', 'Just avoid business they actively try to screw you as a consumer.')
('Centrist', "I don't even really like ice cream. Sensitive teeth gang")
('Libertarian Left', 'Jimmy Fallon sucks but I will kill for some tonight dough')
('Right', "I just eat the store brand stuff cause it's cheap")
('Authoritarian Left', 'Just enjoy iceee cream')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wait, people unironically enjoy Ben and Jerry’s? I’m more of a Great Value guy myself.')
('Right', 'Blue Bell')
('Right', '*Ein Volk, Ein Reich, Eine Eiscreme!*')
('Libertarian Left', "Life Pro Tip: If you never heard about a political discussion in real life and only on the internet don't inform you even a little bit and don't care about it.")
('Libertarian Right', "Putting politics in ice cream is stupid, but yelling about it to anyone that listens is stupider because you're doing exactly what they wanted you to do")
('Libertarian Right', 'Sure, if you like when a corporate board claims to support Occupy Wall Street while at the same time moving all the high paying jobs to Switzerland in order to pay zero taxes to the US like B&J did in 2011.\n\nBut hey, they are for the <current year> distraction, why would LibLeft care about corporations dodging taxes?')
('Right', 'F*** Nestle')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Given the choice between a company that shares my values and a comparable one that has values diametrically opposed to mine, I will always choose the one with whom I share values. Simple as.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Authleft: you guys are getting ice cream?\n\nLibright: yes, yes. Very nice.')
('Right', "You buy or do not buy Ben and Jerry's because of their politics.\n\nI don't buy Ben and Jerry's because they are a ripoff for how much ice cream you get. \n\nSeriously, so expensive for so little ice cream.")
('Libertarian Left', 'bro there is freaking ice cream politics>??')
('Libertarian Left', 'Ameri-Cone Dream is goated.')
('Right', "well i see where auth right is coming from, we shouldn't have to see woke, conservative or any political propaganda in things like fucking ice cream, there's s lot of other places to promote your party")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Atleast we can all agree about Dietz Nutz')
('Libertarian Right', "I mean when Ben & Jerry's openly calls for rioting on Twitter I can't really support them. Also Häagen-Dazs is overpriced.")
('Centrist', "I love Ben And Jerry's cheesecake ice creams.\n\nBut nothing has ever slapped as hard as the pineapple coconut from HD.  Trying that almost put me on the astral plane.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Hagendaz tastes better')
('Centrist', 'Que the Trump is a Maoist movement meme')
('Centrist', 'They are both libleft mfs.')
('Left', 'I do love how the republicans planned this stupid pointless gesture to hold debt ceiling hostage to get rid of social security and Trump immediately swoops in and undercuts them lol!')
('Right', "I am very sorry yanks, but I am 'foregin influencing' for demented pedo dude this cycle. Trump stance on UA is too shifty")
('Authoritarian Left', 'Deus Ex is the most prophetic game in existence')
('Centrist', 'Sarif seemed like a good boss. Pretty dirty what he and megan reed did though.')
('Right', 'The only correct political opinion about Deus Ex is "the GEP gun".')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based and deus ex pilled')
('Centrist', 'Unreal game with unreal art and soundtrack. First time I played this game through blew my mind. Also, apparently a documentary?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Prequels? Nah its all about my boy JC denton baby')
('Libertarian Right', 'To me, this needs a red background, instead of blue.')
('Right', 'me in any paradox game')
('Libertarian Right', 'Medieval is not the dark age')
('Libertarian Right', 'Blood for the blood god. Skulls for the skull throne.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Wait, I wasn’t aborted')
('Left', 'Yes, yes. Keep the hate coming.')
('Libertarian Right', 'You say like being the anti-christ is a bad thing.')
('Right', 'Physically remove virginity... is there a way to mentally remove virginity?')
('Libertarian Left', 'This has to be the weirdest trend on PCM so far')
('Libertarian Right', 'Noooo my dream girl')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Based and fucked around and found out pilled.')
('Libertarian Right', "If your mother's womb is her privet property, that means she probably lived there at some point, so that would mean she's your sister.")
('Libertarian Right', '😭')
('Libertarian Right', 'Too bad, I’m already engaged. Time is money.')
('Centrist', 'Ah thanks, now the grill grabber is going to keep me awake for the rest of my life')
('Centrist', "It's nice to have someone offer to do the grilling for you once in a while.")
('Right', 'Haha funny nightmare.\nNow pay up for your nightmare pass.\n$420.69 please.')
('Centrist', "You try stealing my grill and I'll tear off your eyes with a bbq fork")
('Centrist', 'You forgot “I just want to grill')
('Libertarian Right', 'Once in a lifetime')
('Libertarian Left', 'Totally disagree')
('Centrist', 'Most accurate description of centrists I’ve seen today.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Its overall pretty depressing (spoiler: Big Brother wins).\n\nBut I think its a good read to familiarize people with what can happen (dystopia) if we dont work to stop it now.')
('Left', 'Auth Left promotes it for being anti - Facist')
('Libertarian Left', "I wouldn't say I promote 1984. It's not a pleasant read, so recommended only if you're prepared to feel bad.")
('Libertarian Left', 'That’s not a pika clone that’s just raichu')
('Left', 'Auth Left: Angry when hungry\n\nAuth Right: Edgelord \n\nLib Left: Something something gender something something\n\nLib Right: It became briefly popular and then not. Just like an-caps\n\nCenter: Likes pancakes')
('Left', 'Libright gets the greatest underdog of all time 2014 WORLD MOTHERFUCKING CHAMPION pachirisu, capable of taking massive hits from legendary behemoths…\n\nAnd libleft gets fuckle plusle and minum…. \n\n\nFuck')
('Libertarian Left', "LibRight would pick the original. It's the most marketable one.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Yeah expect she wasn’t aborted, she was born and had a tragic “accident” or just got straight up abandoned')
('Libertarian Left', 'Cardboard boxes are where imagination comes to life')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Lord have mercy!')
('Centrist', "O boiii, these are getting spicy. Let's see how far we can take this before we make AHS and/or mods are forced to intervene.")
('Left', 'Chinese males coping and seething rn.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Bro wake up new circlejerk just dropped')
('Libertarian Right', 'While I was born around 2000s when the campaign-style abortion was largely over, reading books and looking at pictures of nearly fully formed fetus gives me nightmares and is largely why I am against abortion. And when my sister was born in 2010s, we still needed to register her as someone else’s kid to attain legal identity and and later ‘adpot’ her.')
('Centrist', 'Population decline goes brrrrrrrr')
('Authoritarian Right', "Please stop, I can't take it anymore.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Man, China is fucked up.')
('Right', 'I am so fucking out of the loop. What the fuck is an aborted chinese gf meme?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Bing Chilling')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I CRY')
('Centrist', 'To pure for this world 😢')
